Tim Sackton: Been recording this discussion.
Tim Sackton: So… Are we…
Tim Sackton: So, Seeker's gonna cast the Force… well, you're gonna have to convince it to curl up before you can cast the Force Cage.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Are we… this should happen during the… 40 seconds.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: that you have, right?
Mike: We should… we should start… you should just start a counter now. I think we're ready to go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So just count off rounds.
Tim Sackton: Right, does everybody know…
Eric Rosenbaum: Not there, okay.
Tim Sackton: What they're gonna do.
David S. Kong: Well, I mean…
Tim Sackton: or less.
David S. Kong: Hold on, really quick. What, what is this, the, the, whose dancing item? What is that?
Tim Sackton: That's… that's the boulder that Seeker 5 animated.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And the Triceratops is…
Mike: Well, these Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: Oh my god.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's right there.
Tim Sackton: shops.
David S. Kong: Did you get a dresser, Ty?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Burgendramust's horde? Somebody's horde.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, from the… from the circular island.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'm not questioning it, great. Okay.
David S. Kong: And does anybody have, is anybody not full, full, does anybody have damage?
Eric Rosenbaum: I do, I have 30, I'm down 30.
Mike: I'm down 7.
David S. Kong: Tim, I'm gonna start using some layer things.
Tim Sackton: You can't use that till combat starts. Because remember, you need… you need… Tenzo spending the whole 8 rounds up until combat starts to attune to the…
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, fair.
Tim Sackton: Right? That's how you convince me to have rare actions in the first place.
David S. Kong: I'll… yeah, totally. Kenzo's gotta, gotta beat me vibes right now before he can do anything else.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo is… okay, so… But Kong, remember that when you roll initiative.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You can heal…
Tim Sackton: Yes. With your, metabolic, whatever it is, straight. Okay, so we begin…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey, hold on, hold on.
Tim Sackton: mileage of the heart, yeah?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What distance are we gonna engage? Did we settle in that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby needs to know that, because I have, like, 340 feet of range or something, and… that's probably too far away.
Mike: Is Kenzo gonna fly towards her?
David S. Kong: I don't think so.
David S. Kong: Well, let me see.
David S. Kong: Oh, as long… I need to… I'm gonna stay within 60 feet of the heart rate.
Mike: I mean, how much is an advantage? Advantage is worth… something, but I'm not sure it's worth losing two rounds of attacks, to be honest.
Mike: Like, maybe…
Mike: like…
Mike: I don't know. I mean, I don't know, it's just… we can't engage… we're gonna lose a lot of pot shots if we don't engage until…
Mike: She's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm with you.
Mike: 8.
Mike: I think we just… I think we just…
Mike: Take it as the farthest range we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, in that case, Tim, I'm gonna shoot when she gets… with the arrow of Seeking at 400 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… That's when we'll trigger initiative.
Tim Sackton: So, as you begin to get settled.
Tim Sackton: Everybody, you know, positioned themselves where they want. Kenzo is standing next to the heart route.
Tim Sackton: in meditation, concentrating on attuning to this…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: essence of the Valley.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else is spread around, prepared for combat to begin. As you see in the distance.
Tim Sackton: the Empress of Chaos, beginning to fly.
Tim Sackton: curving around… As she's flying, you can see her now maybe
Tim Sackton: 900, 1,000 feet away, racing towards you at incredible speed.
Tim Sackton: Sword in one hand, spear in another.
Tim Sackton: The metal of her armor shimmering and almost dripping as she flies. She begins to dive down towards the forest, skimming low over the tops of the trees. When she gets about 600 feet away, she's…
Tim Sackton: Rose her hands in a… Circle in front of her, and as metal strikes three of these trees.
Tim Sackton: They burst into… Metallic tornadoes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Mike: Which trees?
Tim Sackton: This is, like, a…
Mike: away. Oh.
Mike: Flying towards us.
Tim Sackton: They're flying towards you.
Tim Sackton: Three metallic storms, rushing in your direction.
Tim Sackton: about.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 45, 50 seconds after you landed teleporting.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo attuned to the,
Tim Sackton: creature, as the Empress of Chaos is about 600 feet away, Kenzo begins to tell the… warn the heartroot through your connection that
Tim Sackton: Danger is coming, and… Yeah. So, so make a,
Tim Sackton: Just, just like roll, roll a D20, add your wisdom and your proficiency.
Tim Sackton: So… plus 10, I think.
David S. Kong: 25.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so as Kenzo soothes and talks to the heartroot, it begins to… It begins to,
Tim Sackton: Curl up within itself.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Pulling itself tight.
Tim Sackton: Extracting its roots, drawing them in.
Tim Sackton: be me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: Empress is now… this is all drawn onto the map, so I can't change it, but let's just say it's, you know…
Tim Sackton: The Empress is now about… just over 400 feet away, so let's roll initiative.
David S. Kong: Oh no, this is, like, my worst initiative ever! 17.
Tim Sackton: So let me know if you want to check.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's, like, my best ever.
David S. Kong: I rolled a 1 and a 6, that's fucking horrible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 26…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So don't forget, like, if you get things back on rolling initiative, to add them back.
Mike: by key or BARDIC initiatives.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah, I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, so…
Tim Sackton: So is anybody switching?
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Mike, what did you roll?
Mike: It didn't come through on roll 20, it was a 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Oh, I don't think I have the Roll20 plugin, I have a new… I got a new computer a while ago, but I don't think I ever installed the Roll20 plugin.
Mike: Anyway, it was a 19, it's in the DNP. Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there a value in switching Seeker to the top to immediately force gauge, or do we have enough time, it doesn't really matter?
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is, like, 500 feet away, so you have… you have some time.
Mike: I don't… I don't think it's fair.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… Sorry.
Tim Sackton: I'm just trying to write this all down. Kenza was…
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: 17. Seeker is 20.
Tim Sackton: What was… Mike, what was dealt with? 19. 19.
Eric Rosenbaum: Baker 5 doesn't have separate initiative, does he?
Tim Sackton: Yes, roll up for Secret 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: And roll for the Triceratops, it's minus 1.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you're 5.
Tim Sackton: Speaker 5 is at the end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Typically react to the situation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, Triceratops at the very end.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17, 17 was…
Tim Sackton: Kenzo… 26 was Welby.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, we begin 600 feet away.
Tim Sackton: The Empress uses her move and her dash
Tim Sackton: beating even Welby an initiative to zip 300 feet closer, so she is now 300 feet away.
Tim Sackton: I can't put her on the map yet.
Tim Sackton: That ends her turn. We'll be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She's wearing armor, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: She's…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the metallic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the purpose of plus 2 scare on our piercing.
Tim Sackton: Yay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Okay, I won't use the super arrow, because she's close enough, so I'll take steady aim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And shoot her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With another plus 2 on top of these rolls.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is a 34 to hit.
Tim Sackton: Flatheads!
David S. Kong: Nice. That admits we would have had problems.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): use 2D6… 2D6 to force a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, I'm looking up, blinding attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or obscure, it's a DC, or 3D6 for a DC19 deck save.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To avoid the blinded condition for a turn.
Tim Sackton: She fails the save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. And then.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hang on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See the individual games.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's 23 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: 23 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: So as the… as Wabi's arrow strikes, she… Like, the armor, sort of…
Tim Sackton: Reaches up over her face to protect her, and she sort of shakes her head, but she…
Tim Sackton: Somehow, you get the feeling she can tell without sight exactly where the heartroot is, and she's moving in a straight line towards it.
Tim Sackton: That ends Welby's turn. Pong.
David S. Kong: Who was injured again?
Mike: Notwith is mildly injured.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm down 30 points.
David S. Kong: So Kenzo is still kind of sitting there, like, you know, in tune with the heart route, and you see Kenzo just sort of, like, kind of in silent meditation, and there's, like, kind of a glowing green aura around him.
David S. Kong: And then,
David S. Kong: seeker, you, you suddenly feel, like a, like a, a warmth around you. And, and you all see, also that this, the kind of vegetation near,
David S. Kong: Seeker starts to kind of glow and, extend outwards, and these little kind of mossy tendrils, and Seeker, it's like, it's like the best smelling, like, best-tasting kind of, like, you know, vibes you're getting. You're just so fertile, so wonderful, and, you gain back, 46 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, solid. Solan.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm good, thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, whoops.
Mike: for…
Tim Sackton: Can you… Kong, can you roll 46?
David S. Kong: Okay, sure.
Mike: 4D6, not 4D6.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoops.
Tim Sackton: 4D6.
David S. Kong: I got it.
David S. Kong: 12 hit points, which there are more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna cast Wish and create a Force Cage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… Everybody who doesn't want to be in the Force Cage.
Tim Sackton: Can get pushed out by the casting of the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So that's basically just Kenzo.
David S. Kong: gap.
Mike: Does Welby want to be in the Force Cage?
Tim Sackton: No way. Bobby is flying 60 feet in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I can put it like that.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo… As Forrest is… moves out one square.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And the fourth cage now surrounds the heart root.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does Seeker 5 want to be in the Force Cage?
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like I'll let Seeker 5, like, be free.
Mike: I mean…
David S. Kong: for himself.
Mike: We could try and, like, you could make Seeker5 seem like he's the one who,
Mike: created the Force Cage, and see if she, like…
Mike: Focus the smile on him might be a hard trick to pull off, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, if I don't make it, give Secret 5 my stuff.
Mike: Yep. You're the safest one of all of us, you're inside a force gauge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything could happen.
Tim Sackton: That brings up… Delaware, as this.
Mike: He's 300 feet away?
Tim Sackton: 300 feet away.
Mike: Okay, wait, Walby just attacked, oh, but I can't…
Mike: Wait, does the attack… does the bonus last until Welby's next turn?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: I am going to ready an action.
Mike: to hit her with an Eldritch Blast as soon as she's within…
Mike: Wait, she moved 300 feet last turn?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: So I'm gonna ready an action to hit her with an Eldrick Blast as soon as she's within range.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, your… Turn again.
David S. Kong: Kenza, what…
Tim Sackton: Actual term.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenza will, turn into an astral projection, and then activate, Bonus Action Langal's Claw.
Tim Sackton: I think you are already in astral projection.
David S. Kong: Oh yeah, I think I was, you're right, that's an hour. Okay, yeah, I activate Endgotling, guys.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: He's still hundreds of feet away, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's hundreds of feet away.
David S. Kong: And it can…
David S. Kong: Sometimes soothing the heart rate.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Should the… should the ladder… well, I guess the latter hasn't gone yet.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, the latter goes on Seeker's turn.
Mike: Should the latter fly towards her, or at least fly up in the air?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there's something I forgot to do. When I cast… animating performance I can use…
Eric Rosenbaum: A glove of Crystallized magic to give it… Air… Elemental energy…
Tim Sackton: It's the anxiety.
Eric Rosenbaum: by 10.
Tim Sackton: So it's 40 foot fly speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's still so… is that even worth doing it so slow?
Tim Sackton: 40 feet's not bad.
Tim Sackton: Okay. It's just the Empress of Chaos is… It's really fast.
Mike: Before… wait, hold on, before Seeker 5 turn ends, does he have any buff spells?
Mike: That would be worth casting on us?
Mike: He doesn't have anything that makes us bad.
Tim Sackton: It's not Secrefiles turn up, it's the Metallic Storm's term, who are racing
Tim Sackton: The Empress created them about 100 feet in front of her.
Tim Sackton: And they're racing ahead of her, but she will catch them and pass them next turn, because they're moving substantially slower than she does.
Tim Sackton: But not too slow. I mean, they're moving, so… 120, so that leaves them 180 feet away. So they will end their turn.
Tim Sackton: Actually, still just off the map.
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn. Seeker 5 is up.
Tim Sackton: So the closest things are the…
Tim Sackton: Metallic storms that are currently 180 feet from the… heart rate.
Mike: because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker 5, everybody.
Mike: Spells that reach 180 feet.
Mike: Probably not.
Eric Rosenbaum: only Dimension Door.
Tim Sackton: Teleport right to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not much you can do.
Mike: I mean, does he have a spell that reaches 120 feet?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The psychic disruption.
Mike: Ready in action to cast that as soon as she's within range.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean…
Tim Sackton: Or Seeker 5 could summon a construct.
Tim Sackton: He still has a 6th level slot.
Tim Sackton: I mean, not concentrating on anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, I'll try the ready in action thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, it's like… What spell slot? With just a fourth level.
Mike: I don't think it's worth overcasting it, because the goal is really the… It's really the chance of… offset.
Tim Sackton: And this is at the Empress or the Metallic Storms, at the Empress?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the Empress, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I mean, or even…
Tim Sackton: Seeker's 5's turn, assuming the dancing item is just waiting.
Mike: But the dancing action.
Mike: The dancing actually moved to be in the front, right? Like, to sort.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what direction is she coming from?
Mike: Topic.
Tim Sackton: Top left.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should all move. Please, so… 30th…
Mike: Actually, I can't believe it for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: There.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Boom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I can go, like, here.
Tim Sackton: Chryseratops.
Tim Sackton: Is okay, just waiting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, the Triceratops,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sniffs the air and stumps the ground and shakes his head back and forth, moving to put himself between all of us and the approaching storm.
Tim Sackton: Let me send you the stat block for the Triceratops, by the way.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: By the way, now that I'm bonded to the heartroot, just so everybody knows, if I get damaged and fucked up, the Heart Root does too, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So if she puts her spear in you, goes in the Harut?
David S. Kong: That's actually an interesting question.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't corrupt the heart route by sparing Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but it's just…
Tim Sackton: If the heart route gets corrupted, then Kenzo might also be corrupted.
David S. Kong: No, but also, I think it's two-way though, right, Tim? Like, if I die.
Tim Sackton: It is… it is 2A. If Kenzo dies, it might be pretty bad for the heart rate.
David S. Kong: Just sayin'.
David S. Kong: I'm normally.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I'll be down to die.
David S. Kong: This time might be a little bit boring.
Tim Sackton: Now it is…
David S. Kong: I die all the time, it's kind of my thing.
Tim Sackton: The Empress's turn. She moves in a straight line, a hundred and… 50… Feet, so appearing…
Tim Sackton: On the map.
Tim Sackton: Not quite yet. And then, she will dash another 150 feet, so everybody who's got a ready action for 120 feet, go ahead and launch it.
Tim Sackton: If it's an attack roll, you have advantage, because she's blinded.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's the fourth level psychic disruption.
Mike: Right? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's an int save. That's a 32 on her int save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: I can't… hold on a second.
David S. Kong: shit going on.
Mike: notes. So, 1, 2…
Eric Rosenbaum: Those still have damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's still half damage. Go ahead and roll, so she shrugs off.
Mike: Does a 19 hit?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: 1, 2…
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's the temp? Oh, 76, is that right?
Mike: I'm assuming 25s and 26s hit.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay, so I critted once, and hit twice, and missed with one.
Tim Sackton: So, as these three bolts of force.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's half of 29.
Tim Sackton: Yep, I got it, come flying out, striking her.
Tim Sackton: She seems to…
Mike: Shrug off.
Tim Sackton: The rune of disruption that… Seeker 5 cents flying.
Mike: problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, just the save.
Tim Sackton: Just because she made the save.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hold on a second, I just gotta check one spell before I roll down.
Mike: I don't think… Put down these…
Mike: AI attacks.
Mike: Okay, so… roll for… One cr- yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: And she.
Mike: But I do 22 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and she is going to enter turn… In the air.
Tim Sackton: She's about 40 feet up, directly above, the heart route. At the…
Tim Sackton: The blind ends at the end… the beginning of your turn, is that right?
Tim Sackton: Shorts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Blind at… yes. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, end of her turn, yeah.
Tim Sackton: At the end of her turn. Okay, so… her turn is over, Welby is up.
Mike: So wait, where is she? I don't see her on the map.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry. Now, do you see her on the map?
Mike: And you said she's 40 feet up?
Tim Sackton: yeah, she's 40 feet up.
Mike: And the Raven's Whistle is… Twice my move?
Tim Sackton: Twice your move.
Tim Sackton: But you can't cast verbal component spells well.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Okay. But, so I can go 70 feet.
Mike: Yes, and if you can… Within the ladder.
Tim Sackton: If you get hit, you have to make a concentration check. If you fail, you fall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to shoot her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay. With advantage from VEX.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There should be another plus 2 on top of each of those, so that's a 23? Is that good enough?
Tim Sackton: 23 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, oops, hang on, let me move that. So, again, DC19, deck save for blinded.
Tim Sackton: That time she succeeds.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Some…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Boost.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, 35 minus 12, that should be, 23 points damage?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On sneaker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, are the, whirlwind… how far away are the whirlwind things?
Tim Sackton: They're currently still 180 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll shoot one…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not with, sneak attack, but just to get back. Next time. Is 19 good enough?
Tim Sackton: 19 on the whirlwinds.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: is…
Tim Sackton: Going to hit, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome, so that's 8.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Piercing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did that period take damage from that?
Tim Sackton: Yes, they appear to take damage, I mean, it's a magic weapon.
Tim Sackton: Generally speaking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'm just…
Tim Sackton: weapons.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): move… I'm gonna stay at the height that I am, but I… I like to be a little further away from this lady.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: After your turn.
Tim Sackton: She is going to… Fire…
Tim Sackton: Metal shoots out from her armor, striking at… Welby and Delaware.
Tim Sackton: Both of you make strength saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Strength save. Could I make a deck save instead?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 3.
Mike: Ow… I'm, like, 70 feet away from it right now.
Mike: Did you say she's 60 bucks?
Mike: I did not make a strength saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you are both, as this metal wraps around your legs, you are grappled.
Tim Sackton: Until the end of your next turn. So that sets your speed to zero.
Tim Sackton: That ends her legendary action, that ends Wabi's turn, lair actions.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the layer actions?
David S. Kong: Oh.
Mike: Enzo gets.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo has no actions.
David S. Kong: Yeah, kenz, so…
David S. Kong: Am I… is she… like, it's hard to little tell what's a tree. Tim, is she within 10 feet of a tree? She is, right?
Tim Sackton: Mmm… no, she's… she's directly above the heartroot, she's not within 10 feet of a tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably, like, 15 or 20, like, she's pretty close.
Tim Sackton: Well, actually…
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a densely, what is it?
Tim Sackton: It's like 20 feet of a tree.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's not quite within 10 feet of a tree.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Anybody else need healing?
Mike: I mean, I have a few hit points down, if it's free, I'll take it.
David S. Kong: The other thing that I can do, just to tell Sharers, is I can create difficult terrain.
Mike: I mean, at the moment, I don't see how that would help us that much, but…
David S. Kong: I don't know either, so I feel like healing is probably the best way to go. Wait, are you still… you're still down more hit points, right? Right, Seeker? How many are you down?
Mike: Zika probably could use Mort, use it, honestly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm at 147, and I'm trying to look inconspicuous directly underneath.
David S. Kong: 147, but what's impressive.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's your total? Oh, out of 165, so yeah, I'm down.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna give you another, I'm gonna, give you another, 46 of healing.
David S. Kong: Alright, you get 14 more points back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing, thank you.
Tim Sackton: Thank the heart route. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker is on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Feeling good.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm concentrating on Force Cage, but I can cast… I keep disruption again?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: not conservation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does anybody have reason to believe…
Eric Rosenbaum: A particular damage type would be helpful. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's no reason to flavor it.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the glove.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shouldn't telekinesis her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll just try Psychic Disruption again, at… Okay, I'll just go to… A little, 6th level.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's a 34 on her intelligence save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, she makes…
Tim Sackton: Half that, so 18 damage.
Tim Sackton: And then she will use another layer action to dash…
Tim Sackton: Mmm… maybe she's gonna think Seeker 5 is… danger.
Tim Sackton: So, to right next to Seeker 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: He sure is, danger.
Mike: How's his.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, gangs.
Mike: She's down to the ground now.
Tim Sackton: She's down to the ground now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, look out, Tiger 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although CP5 had an idea.
Tim Sackton: So, that brings up doubt with. You're grappled, so your speed is zero.
Mike: Well, she came close… So, I am just going to…
Mike: I will first, Hunter's mark her.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike: And… and then… I guess I'll just Eldritch Blast.
Tim Sackton: You… you… she has complete cover from you, from Eldritch Blast.
Mike: Why?
Tim Sackton: Well, maybe half cover.
Tim Sackton: age.
Tim Sackton: The force cage.
Mike: You can't just shoot through it?
Tim Sackton: Like, one… it's half inch by half inch.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Square, that's definitely providing half to 3 quarters cover, if not total cover. I think 3 quarters cover, it's like an arrow sled.
Tim Sackton: So that's plus 5 AC.
Mike: I mean… There's no point in doing anything else, because I can't move, so…
Mike: And it's not worth using my action to be able to move, because then I can't… yeah, I'll just do it anyway.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: It's a 27 hit.
Tim Sackton: 27 hits.
Mike: Wait, I don't have advantage.
Tim Sackton: don't, you no longer have advantage.
Mike: It… that hits.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That misses.
Mike: That misses.
Tim Sackton: So, two of your bolts fly through the thin gaps of the force cage, their two are…
Tim Sackton: She takes 20 seconds.
Mike: 27 damage.
Tim Sackton: Or she takes 27 points of damage, and then turns to strike at Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5.
Tim Sackton: Five, with her…
Mike: Spear.
Tim Sackton: Which is going to be a 21 to hit.
Tim Sackton: And that is gonna do a total of… 41 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: as she pierces Seeker 5, and then the… Spear explodes with… .
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Tim Sackton: Secret… Seeker 5 taking, 19… 16 points of piercing damage, 19 points of…
Tim Sackton: Thunder damage from the rumble, and then 6 points of lightning damage on top of that, which also extends in a burst for 10 feet, but there's nobody else within 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: So, 41 points of damage for…
Tim Sackton: Seeker 5, and that's her last legendary action.
Tim Sackton: That brings up Kenza's turn.
David S. Kong: Kenzo is going to,
David S. Kong: Spend some key and turn on Superior Defense, so I am now resistant to all damage except force for the next.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow.
David S. Kong: That's good.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so… little aura, little green, green heartroot aura pairs around him.
David S. Kong: And now Kenzo has got Lengao's Claw, so he's within 15 pieces. He's gonna stay exactly where he is.
David S. Kong: And.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're gonna wanna move a little bit, cause…
Tim Sackton: Right now, you're trying to punch through the force gauge.
Mike: Move over one.
Tim Sackton: Move over one square.
David S. Kong: Alright, move one square.
David S. Kong: Okay, well, Tenzo goes there… And now, he will begin attacking,
David S. Kong: The lady, with Lingau's Claw as well. Alright, so…
David S. Kong: First, let's, do I get advantage right now? No advantage?
Tim Sackton: No advantage.
David S. Kong: 23?
Tim Sackton: 23 hits.
David S. Kong: I really love that.
David S. Kong: That does… 11 plus… I'm gonna do 6… That's 17 damage… Second attack… 26 inch…
David S. Kong: That does… 7 plus… 6 has this 13 damage… Third attack… 19?
Tim Sackton: 19 misses.
David S. Kong: That's what I think. Fourth attack… No, 17 misses.
David S. Kong: Fifth attack.
David S. Kong: 26th hits…
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does… and… 26 plus… 11 damage.
Tim Sackton: So, as Kenzo launches, hitting with his staff, and then following up with his…
Tim Sackton: punches engaging the Empress. These three metallic storms come racing across the battlefield now.
Tim Sackton: meeting… the… dashing, so they don't get in action, but meeting the Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: And the summons… .
Mike: Landing on the ground.
Tim Sackton: here.
Mike: There is this… You can't see things, Tim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry.
Tim Sackton: Now, now you can see them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, there are… there's a swirling… Rocks.
Tim Sackton: Around each one of these.
Tim Sackton: And anybody who starts their turn…
Tim Sackton: Within these… can you see the, yellow circles around them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Now we can. Well, we're on one of them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm fixing it for all of them.
Tim Sackton: Anybody who starts their turn in that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Circle.
Tim Sackton: takes…
Tim Sackton: 5 points of slashing damage, and takes an additional 5 points of slashing damage for every 5 feet they move in that circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: So… I'm unlocking the damage on the.
Mike: Who's that?
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn. Seeker 5 is up. I'm marking Seeker 5's damage.
David S. Kong: C. 5. C. 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: So…
Tim Sackton: And then the Triceratops.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker 5 is mad.
Eric Rosenbaum: He just got hit with a spear.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's thinking about… turning this Empress of Chaos into…
Eric Rosenbaum: The tiny centipede that she really deserves to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he casts Polymorph.
Tim Sackton: She is not great at wisdom, and she rolled a 1, but she will use a legendary resistance.
David S. Kong: Oh…
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's good, we want…
Mike: That's good. Burning Regular Resistances is good. Does she lose some of her armor or something like that?
Tim Sackton: chunk of… yes, a chunk of our armor…
Tim Sackton: Oh wait, sorry, I forgot.
Tim Sackton: No, she still uses it. A chunk of her armor falls off, and she loses, until the start of her next turn, her…
Tim Sackton: advantage against spells and magical effects. So she straight rolls now until the beginning of her next turn.
David S. Kong: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can Seeker safely and bravely run away a little bit?
Tim Sackton: She organic.
Eric Rosenbaum: love him.
Tim Sackton: Stabbed with a… no, she landed right next to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, crap. I wanna…
Tim Sackton: I mean, he can drive anyway.
Mike: You can't dislay games.
Tim Sackton: Kids, you already tested spell.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This engages in action, you have to do it instead of casting a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. So, he's in it to win it. The…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will fly up and force-slam her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but I'll take… Okay. It'll… so it… so it took 5, and we'll take another 5, so it's now up to 90.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it does…
Mike: Can it get around to the other side of her so there's space for the rest of us?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think so, like here.
Mike: Yeah, or even down one more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's trying to get to Secret 5 to help him, so that's good.
Tim Sackton: I can get.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, I do want to spell a check.
Mike: Can it, can it push?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Can it…
Mike: Push her at all?
Eric Rosenbaum: No…
Mike: Oh well.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I had done… no, I can't do that. Yeah. The spell attack.
Tim Sackton: That message.
Tim Sackton: So the boulder flies over to try and protect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker 5, but it's no heroic ladder, so…
Tim Sackton: Oh, wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just too bolder.
Tim Sackton: Triceratops, however, now gets to do something. First of all, though, it's gonna take 15 points of damage for being in 3 of these auras.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, brittle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Am I tracking that, or you're tracking that too?
Tim Sackton: I'm tracking the damage, but you're doing its actions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Triceratops is angry. Triceratops is a peaceful herbivore that just wants to live out his days, eating grass and leaves, and the only life it has ever known is being immediately cast into battle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it bellows and roars up on its, back legs, and then plunges forward, and it's gonna attack twice on the whirlwind just to the right of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And it rolls with a plus, 9…
Tim Sackton: If you see the labels, you can just say Storm 1, Storm 2, Storm 3.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh yeah, got it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, that's a 10 on the first attack.
Tim Sackton: natural one. Too bad it's not an apple.
Mike: It's like getting its herbivore nature warmed up. It'll do better next time. There we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly, exactly.
Tim Sackton: Sad hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Piercing 2D12.6…
Tim Sackton: Oh, that does kind of a lot of damage.
Mike: Yeah, and if it charges, it checks off.
Tim Sackton: It's knowledge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: But that's…
Tim Sackton: strike, the first storm, like, begins to… you see it, like, do you cohere a little as the Triceratops knocks rocks and…
Tim Sackton: And, stones out from this whirling, sort of metallic storm.
Tim Sackton: Then it's the Empresses of Chaos' turn, and she's gonna turn to Seeker 5,
Tim Sackton: And just look at him, look over at the cage, Say it has to go.
Tim Sackton: And that's a…
Mike: Of course.
Tim Sackton: When he stabbed, sorry.
Mike: Seeker 5's gonna die.
Tim Sackton: 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 35 to hit.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: With her sword.
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna do… 30…
Tim Sackton: 18 points of slashing damage, and 13 points of fire damage for a total of 34.
Mike: That's exactly what he has.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: 31.
Tim Sackton: 18 plus 13 is 31.
Mike: One more… he has one more stab at him before he dies.
Eric Rosenbaum: He'll stay.
Tim Sackton: Swings again with her sword.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no. That's a 27 to hit.
Mike: Best'll take him down.
Tim Sackton: This time, he ex- he falls decoherent into ice as her sword pierces him with lightning damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: We will always remember you, secret vibes.
Tim Sackton: as… as he melts to ice, I guess the dancing item also disappears, because…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, crap.
Tim Sackton: The Empress is gonna run forward and pull out her spear to stab at Kenzo. Come at me.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's gone.
Tim Sackton: That's 30 to hit?
David S. Kong: She got lucky.
Tim Sackton: And as she does, a flash of… Thunderous energy.
Tim Sackton: Strikes from the spear… spear?
Tim Sackton: So, you take…
David S. Kong: I'm.
Tim Sackton: I know, let me… let me roll all the damage, and then… and then, you… I'll tell you, it's reduced to half, so…
Tim Sackton: That's a total of… 44 plus… Two teeth.
Mike: Is Kenzo right after… Calvin… Kenzo's soon after dealt with, right? I forgot the initial order.
Tim Sackton: That's a total of… 60 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Reduced to half to 30.
David S. Kong: Which I now will deflect.
David S. Kong: So, for the deflecting… Come on, I need to roll… Oh, actually, hold on.
David S. Kong: How much was it damaging in?
Tim Sackton: Dexy.
David S. Kong: Bet 30.
Tim Sackton: 30, reduced to half to 30.
David S. Kong: Alright, so I need to roll 1D10 plus 23.
David S. Kong: So… 1v10… Yes, 33, I deflect all the damage, and now she has to make deck save.
Tim Sackton: And so…
David S. Kong: Come at me!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's a… 21.
Mike: That route doesn't mess around.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo!
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Takes…
Tim Sackton: As this sphere is striking towards you, you just twist and then deflect it away, as half of this… a lot of the energy is absorbed by this, green shield around you.
Tim Sackton: And you take no damage.
Tim Sackton: Well, he's up.
David S. Kong: How scary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some part of… that was a… Well done.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some part of Welby is disappointed. He was a little excited to try and make a shot through one side of the force cage and out the other side of the force cage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Letting that go, here's the attack with advantage on her.
Tim Sackton: 26 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Boom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again, minus 3D6… Dca19 Deck Save… 20 damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: team.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'll shoot the.
Tim Sackton: damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll shoot the whirlwind that I shot last round.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome, for 39.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna pick one at random, cause I… or do you know which one it was you shot last round?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't… I don't know if you're tracking damage on them, it'd be whichever took… .
Tim Sackton: 8? Oh, yeah, yeah, I've got it. It's this one here. It's number 3 that you shot, so 39 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yep. That one is bloodied.
Tim Sackton: That ends Welby's turn. The Empress is going to make another attack on Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Dammit.
Mike: I mean, it goes after the… after…
Tim Sackton: -Oh.
Mike: albeit's… deal with and then Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a… that's a natural 20.
David S. Kong: Oh, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
David S. Kong: That, that's… kid.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy.
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: anger, angry at your resisting her last attack, she turns, and as you're off-balance slightly from the deflection, pierces her spear through a gap in your defenses. You take 90, this is not halved.
Tim Sackton: 91 points of damage in total.
Tim Sackton: Reduce the half to 45.
David S. Kong: I am so glad I have this, this fucking,
David S. Kong: I've never used this before until today.
Mike: It's a key ability that lets you.
David S. Kong: That's the…
Tim Sackton: Monk's level 18 ability, you're resist… you are…
Mike: Pretty good ability, you should use it all the time.
David S. Kong: Well, now that I'm breaking level 18, yeah…
Tim Sackton: You've literally just turned level 8. I mean, you haven't fought much since you were level 18.
Tim Sackton: Naruto air action. She is definitely within…
Tim Sackton: 10 feet of a tree now.
David S. Kong: Sorry, that was 41 damage, Tim?
Tim Sackton: 41 damage, yes.
David S. Kong: Alright, yeah, the, HeartRoot, now bonded and connected to me, and very furious,
David S. Kong: What's that? Is that Tim?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I just said Seekers next, by the way.
David S. Kong: Okay. Causes the nearby tree, to reach out with a mandela. And, target mid… target must make a deck saving throw.
Tim Sackton: That's only, 16. I think that fails, right?
Tim Sackton: That's your key, right? So your key saved DC is 18, I believe? Yes, 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so 16 fails.
David S. Kong: Alright, so she takes 46 of slashing damage…
David S. Kong: 12 points of slashing damage.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Touch of Vengeance.
Tim Sackton: As the tree is slashing at her, Seeker hiding in the force cage.
Tim Sackton: turns to… do whatever you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about trying to rip the sword out of her hand with telekinesis.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's… That's a fifth level lot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That sword is very annoying. Yeah!
David S. Kong: Dude, I've taken 150 points of damage that… ended up not being 150 points of damage, but…
Mike: That's crazy. 110 of it you magically waved away. Yeah.
David S. Kong: It's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: So, it has to succeed on a strength saving throw.
Tim Sackton: So I can…
Eric Rosenbaum: Move, move it 30 feet, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Oh, you can't cast Telekinesis, it's concentration.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, yeah, that's concentration, that'll end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, crap.
Tim Sackton: shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, thanks. Did not notice that. Good call.
Mike: That would bring cool, though.
Mike: That's too bad, you can't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, legendary.
Mike: It's too bad you can't do…
Mike: spells like that as a one-off, like, just throw it, right? Like, you should be able
Mike: cast a spell like that without concentrating, and just have.
Tim Sackton: Just have it last one round.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's… .
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's… I mean, that is interesting, that…
Mike: That's maybe something your glove could do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that would be cool.
Tim Sackton: No, I have a… I have a better… I mean, an idea I think you'll like for your glove, but we'll see, let's see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does Kenzo need healing?
David S. Kong: That would be great, but I mean…
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you… almost down?
David S. Kong: I mean, I just lost 40 hit points, so… yeah, some gaming would be cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's probably more useful for me.
David S. Kong: It appears to be attacking right now, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I'll just try another Psychic Disruption. I don't have a better attack, I don't think.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it definitely does damage.
Mike: spamming Psychic Disruption is kind of boring, but it's probably the most useful thing to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just doing… trying to do the mental math.
Tim Sackton: I mean, her intsave is pretty good. You gotta find something that… you don't have anything that targets wisdom. Everything you have that targets wisdom is concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the catapult… I'll try Catapult.
Mike: Oh my god.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just… Okay. Launch.
Tim Sackton: Sure, that's Dex, so a rock comes flying towards her. Oh, she doesn't have advantage, because you forced her to use a legendary Resistance, so that's only a…
Tim Sackton: 16, so that fails. I don't think she's gonna waste a legendary Resistance on Catapult.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: to the rock beat.
Tim Sackton: breaks into her, bashing her as she's, slightly distracted by her rage at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: As she takes…
Tim Sackton: 35 damage. She's starting to look… I mean, she's not quite bloodied, but she's looking wounded.
Tim Sackton: The Heroic Ladder takes 10…
Tim Sackton: 5 points of damage from being in this aura.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny about the force cage, I guess it was a small rock, but a heavy one.
Mike: Well, you can also… you can make the rock originate from, like, over here.
Tim Sackton: The rock doesn't have to originate from you, it's…
Mike: It's anywhere within 60 feet, so it could originate, like, here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Mike: The rock starts there, flies that way, towards her, right?
Mike: Right. Don't… the ladder… have it be a ladder attack, I need the move that the ladder gives me, I need the extra move.
Mike: So… I guess I could just play.
Eric Rosenbaum: did the… Okay.
Mike: I mean, the latter just fight… the latter should just fight the metallic storm next to it, rather than…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, so the latter attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 21.
Tim Sackton: That hits!
David S. Kong: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: Does 1D10 plus 11, is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can the ladder grapple her?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would that be… sorry, would that be more valuable?
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll fight in the storm.
Tim Sackton: The storm cannot be grappled, it's just a flying mass of wind and rock and metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hit 15 damage. Oh, that's good.
Tim Sackton: Now, this… this one storm looks like it's on its last legs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, did you do the ladder damage?
Tim Sackton: I did the ladder damage, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the… no, from the, storm rocks.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I did.
Tim Sackton: That's the only damages taken so far.
Mike: Dallas.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so dealt with. Yep, deal with.
Mike: Okay, so Delith will run over to be right next to her, using the 10-foot move boost that the ladder gives me.
Mike: to just be able to make it. I take only 5 points of damage, because…
Mike: I started there, but otherwise…
Tim Sackton: You started there, but you're not moving through it, so you take 5 points of damage, yeah.
Mike: Then I will attack her.
Mike: With my sword.
Mike: Great, attack number one.
Mike: 27…
Tim Sackton: Fair enough.
Mike: I don't think I'm gonna wait for a crit, I'm just gonna smiter.
Mike: So she's prone.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I get advantage on my other attacks.
Mike: And it does… Hold on… 68… 7… Plus… 11…
Mike: 2d6… So, 49 regular damage and 12 radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Second attack… Crits.
Mike: With Advantage.
Mike: I can't smite, unfortunately, because I already smited, but… Oh, actually… That wasn't a bonus action.
Mike: I'm gonna drop this, I'm gonna drop, my… Meswati Storm.
Mike: And do a banishing Smite on her.
Mike: Cause I can do that, right? Like, it's the…
Mike: Aldritch is not a bonus action, Vanishing Smite is a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I haven't used my bonus action. It's concentration, so… but…
Mike: That means I… so I don't get the… so I do, 10D10 plus 2D8… plus… 12…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So I do 76 damage. Perfect.
Mike: Boss… Haha! Plus 3 radiant.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Tim Sackton: She's… okay, she's definitely… Looking a little bit…
Tim Sackton: Nervous now, you can see the armor swerving around.
Tim Sackton: swirling. She's probably… Getting pretty close to that bloodied threshold at this point.
Mike: Third attack, 17 IC misses.
Tim Sackton: That misses, yes.
Mike: Third attack misses.
Tim Sackton: At the end of Delwith's turn, she's gonna use a legendary action to fly 150 feet.
Tim Sackton: Without provoking opportunity attacks, and look for some easier targets.
David S. Kong: Wait, why doesn't she.
David S. Kong: Why no opportunity attempts?
Tim Sackton: Because it's a, it's a.
Mike: cabin.
Tim Sackton: legendary action.
David S. Kong: Wow.
Mike: And she can… she can magically do that while she's prone, I mean, I guess that makes sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, she ends her turn next to me.
Tim Sackton: It's not… well, it's not ends of the turn, it's a legendary action.
Mike: She just, like… her armor just catapults her.
Tim Sackton: Her armor just catapulted her up into the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm understanding… I'm wondering if, mechanically, the skirmisher reaction applies here. It seems like it would, even if it's not technically.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you can use your reaction for Skirmature, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will… just nope right out of there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Without…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Provoking an attack from her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do a… I… Just flip backwards and then come under and across.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Kenzo is up.
David S. Kong: So Tim, I was realizing, because I've got her,
David S. Kong: there's this, you know, this Aura Focus, and I… but I do extra damage from Aura Focus, but, it doesn't know… doesn't say what kind of extra damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
David S. Kong: It says, once at each of your turn, you can deal scale value, no level.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, that's one roll of your martial arts die, so 1D12 extra damage.
David S. Kong: So…
Tim Sackton: Sorry, that's an error in D&D Beyond, I'll try and figure out how to fix that.
David S. Kong: That's fine. Okay, cool.
Mike: Alright. How tall are these cliffs? Are these cliffs actual cliffs?
Tim Sackton: No, this is, like, 10 feet. They're not.
Tim Sackton: maybe 15 feet. It's not a very steep… this isn't, like, a big… a big…
Mike: And she's 90 feet up right now.
Tim Sackton: She's 90 feet up right now.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenzel will, fly and engage her.
Tim Sackton: So, you are… 40… .
David S. Kong: Well, I can also be… I'll get 15 feet away, so I can still Langos flyer.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, so…
Mike: You probably need to bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Dash to get there? You are… you are 100 feet away from her right now.
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna have to bonus action dash if you want to close within range, because your move's only separate.
David S. Kong: But if I do diagonal, right, it's the hypotenuse, so…
Tim Sackton: The hypotenuse is 100.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I see.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's fine, I'll get.
Mike: You just… I mean, that just means you only get 2 attacks instead of 5.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, because you use your bonus action to dash, so then you make 2 attacks. Actually, it's better to do it the other way around. Use your action to dash, and then you get 3 attacks with your bonus action.
David S. Kong: Alright, cool. I'll do that. I'll do that.
David S. Kong: And now, yeah, I'll do 3 on our…
Mike: Stay 15 feet away from her.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll stay 15 feet away, yeah, so I'll be, like, whatever, over here.
David S. Kong: And then, yeah, I'll do 3 unarmed attacks, And… here we go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: First attack…
David S. Kong: 24 hits…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does… 15 plus… Roll 1D6…
David S. Kong: 18, and then roll 1D12.
Tim Sackton: With that hit, she is bloodied.
David S. Kong: 18 plus 11 is 29.
David S. Kong: So that's the first… The second unarmed strike… 27 hits… That does… 12 plus… That's 13…
David S. Kong: That does 20 damage.
David S. Kong: And then, last unarmed strike… 26 hits… That does 9 plus… 1 is 10… Another 19, damn.
Tim Sackton: You only do the extra 1D12 once per turn.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: It's not every attack.
David S. Kong: Sorry, then that last one was just a 10.
Tim Sackton: So… As you fly forward, you punch her 3 times.
Tim Sackton: She dodges none of them.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Kenza's turn.
David S. Kong: mute.
Tim Sackton: now the, storms are going to, finally get to do something, so…
Tim Sackton: First of all, you see all three of them, they're, They're…
Tim Sackton: stone grows thicker around each of them.
Tim Sackton: And then…
Tim Sackton: They are going to all close in on the Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: That's going to be 6…
Tim Sackton: X Wind Talent Attacks.
Tim Sackton: the first one is a crit that does 15 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: The next one is a 15, which hits.
Tim Sackton: For 12 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: The wind hits keep coming.
Tim Sackton: 4… All… All 6 of them hit.
Tim Sackton: Doing another… 32, 41 points of damage on the Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: Who is now looking seriously hurt.
Tim Sackton: And that will end the, chaos.
Tim Sackton: star, and the Empress of Chaos is now going to send another…
Tim Sackton: burst of chaos Metal at Kenzo and Welby.
Tim Sackton: So, both of you make strength saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is 17 good enough?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): use my birdic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: 14…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 22?
Tim Sackton: 22 just passes. 14 is not good enough.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but I'm gonna, I'm on to…
Eric Rosenbaum: You also still have an inspiration, I think.
David S. Kong: I do, yeah. The inspiration is the what?
Tim Sackton: did 12.
Mike: That would be.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: tough on a 21DC, or 20 DC.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Maybe it'll be better to… Oh man, I have to roll… so I have a plus 5.
David S. Kong: Well, I can spend a key to.
Tim Sackton: That just re-rolls at…
David S. Kong: Yeah, so that's more like a heroic.
David S. Kong: I mean, what do y'all think? Do I re-roll it, or try to…
David S. Kong: Roll the… add a… at a Heroic to a 14.
David S. Kong: Oh, but if I re-roll it, then I can't… I have to keep that roll no matter what, right? I can't then add or add a… do a Bardic inspiration to it.
Mike: If the DC's 20, a D12 has 50-50. If it's 21, it's a little worse than that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright, so maybe I'll do the Bardic here then.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do the Bardic.
Mike: Yeah, but the Bardock's way… yeah, yeah, the Bardocks were more likely to help you, because…
David S. Kong: Yeah, alright.
Tim Sackton: So roll D12.
David S. Kong: Yes! 21.
Tim Sackton: fails.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a.
Tim Sackton: That's rolled at 22.
Mike: Yes, it was a 22.
Tim Sackton: Oh, your speed is reduced to zero until the end of your next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I gra… am I still flying in the air, or am I…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, they're still flying in the air, because you can hover, but you can't move. Like, the tentacles wrap around… the metal wraps around you.
David S. Kong: Dammit.
Tim Sackton: Seeker 5 is gone, Triceratops.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Triceratops, the Triceratops… angrily… excuse me, cat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oops. The Triceratops, angrily glares at the,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Giant T-Rex made of swirling winds and rocks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Number one, just to its right, and makes 2 attacks.
Tim Sackton: Number 3 is the most wounded of them, for what it's worth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but Welby's still got a line of sight to it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Two attacks on number one.
Tim Sackton: It also takes 15 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: So it is nearly dead from the aura. 23 hits?
Tim Sackton: 23 hits. 25 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is…
Tim Sackton: You know, a big chunk of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 50.
Mike: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Woof.
Mike: Wow. That's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: Nothing is now bloodied.
Tim Sackton: as the angry Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: Wars.
Mike: Startup's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: Pain, and stabs at the storm.
Tim Sackton: As the Triceratops' turn ends, the Empress of Chaos is gonna use her last.
Tim Sackton: Legendary to move.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To about there.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hmm…
David S. Kong: Still no, no, no, I don't get an opportunity attack?
Tim Sackton: No, cause she's moving…
Tim Sackton: Oh no, you get an opportunity to… Are you gonna take an opportunity to act? Yeah, that means your reaction is used, so you can't deflect.
Mike: It's gonna keep…
Tim Sackton: Right past you.
Mike: Where's she?
Tim Sackton: Right, Nosh is right here.
Tim Sackton: She's gonna move there, right out of Kenzo's reach.
David S. Kong: Hmm…
Mike: How high up is she?
Tim Sackton: Now she is 90 feet.
Mike: She's 90 feet up and right there, okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do the opportunity attack, right? Because she's trying to get closer to the… I don't even know what she's doing. She's attacking somebody, or is she getting closer to the heartroot?
Mike: She's running away from you, because she's scared of you.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do an opportunity dive.
Tim Sackton: He turns around… And flies back to you.
David S. Kong: Whaaat?
Tim Sackton: Roy Harpinita.
David S. Kong: Can I do, can I do a, A, planner.
Tim Sackton: No, you can only do a melee weapon attack, or actually, you can only use your Lengaz clock, because that's the only thing you've got reach.
David S. Kong: Alright, that's fine, I'll do that.
Mike: Man, she just tricked you into using your reaction.
David S. Kong: 25.
Tim Sackton: That is.
David S. Kong: And that does…
Tim Sackton: And then, it is her turn.
David S. Kong: Hold on, hold on, 15 plus…
Tim Sackton: and he's excellent.
David S. Kong: G6… Yeah, 21 damage.
Tim Sackton: She is now going to turn on you.
Tim Sackton: In anger, sensing your connection to the heartroot, and make two sword attacks and one spear attack against you.
Tim Sackton: That is a… 20…
David S. Kong: Mrs.
Tim Sackton: sword, a 22… And a 30-something.
David S. Kong: Alright. Two of them hit. Oh, shit.
Tim Sackton: So the first sword and the spear hits.
Tim Sackton: The sword, now radiating cold, is gonna do…
Tim Sackton: 41 points of damage, reduced to 20.
David S. Kong: Q.
Tim Sackton: And as she hits you with the sword, a course of… Of magic.
Tim Sackton: Pours through it.
Tim Sackton: And she is going to smite you.
David S. Kong: shit.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be…
David S. Kong: Oh, boy.
Tim Sackton: from the sphere.
David S. Kong: I know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that… that's going to be…
Tim Sackton: 53 points of damage.
David S. Kong: I know.
Tim Sackton: costs… .
David S. Kong: Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: 27 points of damage, so that's…
Tim Sackton: 80 points reduced to 40.
David S. Kong: Dude, this, this, this fucking resistance to damage thing is, like… I've taken, like, 400 points of damage.
Mike: I know.
David S. Kong: I'm mad. I'm taking so much damage! Oh my god.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's amazing.
David S. Kong: Holy shit.
Mike: It's kind of amazing.
David S. Kong: I cannot believe I'm still alive. Okay. Oh, boy.
David S. Kong: Let's kill her this round. Can we all kill her this round?
Tim Sackton: And that…
Eric Rosenbaum: And we'.
Mike: We are working on it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I think, I think she needs to die, like, this round. I may… I'm gonna use a layer action to heal myself a little bit. This is bad.
Mike: She's still 90 feet up?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So you're outside the range of the heart root, so you cannot use lair actions this round.
Tim Sackton: So, Welby's turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, she's not immune to lightning damage, right?
Tim Sackton: She is not immune to lightning damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, I will shoot her with the lightning arrow to start, which…
David S. Kong: Is this, like, Georgia?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): me an extra 46.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, she's bloody.
David S. Kong: We gotta kill- let's kill her. Can you smite her again?
Tim Sackton: You miss.
Mike: I can smite her again if I can get to her.
David S. Kong: Bardic. Bardik.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna… I'm gonna use, Heroic.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I already used the barn.
Tim Sackton: That is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 30.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To confirm, though, Tim, 20 missed, because the 18 should be a plus 2.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, 20 hits. 20 just hits, sorry, I was just looking at the 18.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, no heroic thing. So, here's, sneak attack damage…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dc19 Deck Save for Blinded…
Tim Sackton: That's a 17, but she'll burn a legendary on that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. Unfortunately, I rolled really well on that, so… wait a second. Oh, no, no, no, I don't need to be doing it that way. So it's minus 8, so 22 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Then… Another 21 points of lightning damage to her.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I will shoot the.
Tim Sackton: The metallic Storm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Storm, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Come on, Banks, we're gonna… we're gonna shoot a storm.
Mike: How high up is the force cage?
Tim Sackton: 20 feet.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You can climb on the force gauge.
Tim Sackton: It's actually probably pretty easy, super easy to climb on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he hits…
Tim Sackton: 20 hits, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 40…
Tim Sackton: So that… that destroys Metallic Storm number 3, that drops into just a pile of rocks on the ground among the trees.
David S. Kong: Wait, Schwartz, you're not… you're shooting her, or shooting the storms?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Once I shot her, then I shot Storm.
Tim Sackton: Okay. At the end of Welby's turn, she's gonna use a legendary action to make another spear attack against Kenzo.
David S. Kong: What the fuck!
David S. Kong: Fuck this shit, dude!
Tim Sackton: That is, 20… 8 to hit.
David S. Kong: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: She can't smite on… smite's a bonus action, so she can't smite on a… Legendary.
David S. Kong: But she's going to do…
Tim Sackton: Oof, those are good rolls. 60 points of damage total.
Tim Sackton: 18 piercing, 26, this is gonna be cold this time, and then the 16 points of fire damage in a burst, but she's so far not hit anybody where there's another person next to it, so that hasn't mattered. So that's reduced to 30.
David S. Kong: Well, I have 18 hit points left.
Mike: And that… The forest cage is 20 feet tall?
Tim Sackton: 20 feet tall, yup.
Mike: So how far is it, let's see, from this corner to her?
Mike: Like…
Tim Sackton: That's 2010 and 90.
Mike: Now, it would be 70 from the top of the force gauge.
Tim Sackton: 10 and 70.
Mike: Yeah, so it'd be…
Tim Sackton: So that's… it's basically 17.
Tim Sackton: at that.
Tim Sackton: There are a triangle, hypotenuse is the same.
Tim Sackton: So that would be 70 feet away.
Mike: secret.
Tim Sackton: And then… It's time to just fly. Blow your whistle.
Mike: Yeah, but I can only go 60 feet with my whistle.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Right? Because it's… the Raven's Whistle is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it doubles, it doubles your speed.
Mike: I sturdy, and that… Oh, can the ladder come over here and give me a 10-foot speed boost?
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter was 35.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's Seeker's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Mike: Fly over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not.
Tim Sackton: I'm getting to speed.
Tim Sackton: It's currently letting the Triceratops take the brunt of the damage.
Mike: Yeah, honestly, if the ladder gives me a 10-foot speed boost, I should be able to get to her.
Mike: Because then I could go…
Mike: I mean, I would have to teleport to this corner, and then go from there.
Mike: But I can do that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's Seeker's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the ladder is gonna just come right… Over top of the…
Tim Sackton: the cage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then… Seeker could cast healing,
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo, although I can't do much, I don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could do… Well, it's 10D4 plus 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably worth doing.
Tim Sackton: God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have a scroll?
Eric Rosenbaum: Question mark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Roll of cure wounds. That sounds irrelevant.
Tim Sackton: But you have to… that's touch, unfortunately. Oh, wait, no!
Tim Sackton: Can your… no, your glove can only double… it can't make touch smells non-touch, I don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Come on.
Mike: I can make touch spells in the touch.
Tim Sackton: You can make the range of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I, I…
Tim Sackton: You're gonna have to now double it again.
Tim Sackton: Because Kenzo's 90 feet up in the air, so…
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna have to… you'd have to spend 3 charges to make it touch, and then double it twice.
Tim Sackton: To make us third.
Eric Rosenbaum: premiums.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does cure wounds actually do?
Tim Sackton: It's probably not worth it, because it's, like, this is the… this is the… one of the first pieces of loot you ever got in this campaign. It's a Cure Wounds, it's level 2, so it does, like, 48 plus…
Mike: Yeah. You'd be better off just casting a healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I didn't realize it was so…
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can do both.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: It's just whether you want to use all your…
Tim Sackton: You'd have one charge of your…
Tim Sackton: Glove… or you'd have no charges of your glove left.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, you don't have enough charges, because you use 3 for the… Air effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right, on the, ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll just do a 5th level healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget, do I?
Tim Sackton: So, 30 points.
Tim Sackton: Of healing to Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Whew, thank you. Helps.
David S. Kong: Appreciate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's it for my.
Mike: you can… That's a bonus action, you could cast a cantrip.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cantrip.
Mike: I mean, do you have any damaging cantrips, even if they're not that good?
Eric Rosenbaum: Vicious Mockery IS a wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: She's very blessed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't used that one in a long time.
Tim Sackton: So you're only on the 15.
Tim Sackton: It has disadvantage on the next attack roll it makes, that's actually pretty useful.
Mike: That's pretty useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, wait, I have to think of how to humiliate her, help me out here.
David S. Kong: She's not so chaotic. She's…
Mike: We are very… we are executing her in a very orderly and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Systematic fashion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: Her chaos is…
David S. Kong: Boring.
Mike: Boy, yeah!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): perishable.
Mike: Predictable. She's very predictable.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You're so predictive.
Tim Sackton: So, she fails, so she takes the 46 psychic damage.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Disadvantage on our next attack roll.
David S. Kong: Thank God.
Tim Sackton: She is going to immediately, then, at the end of your turn, use a legendary action to make another attack against Kent's.
Mike: With disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: so, that was a natural 20 and a 14.
Tim Sackton: See?
David S. Kong: Seeker saved you. Vicious mockery!
Mike: Oh, thank God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
David S. Kong: Oh, God.
Eric Rosenbaum: The 14,000 hits, but…
Tim Sackton: So that, yeah, a 14 is a… is a 28, so… or, sorry, a 30, so that still hits, but…
David S. Kong: What's…
Tim Sackton: That was close.
Tim Sackton: I was worried there for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Tim Sackton: This is going to be…
Tim Sackton: another… so this is with her sword, because she's already used a legendary action with her,
Tim Sackton: With her spear. So that's only 41 points of damage, 18 points of slashing, and 23 points of acid, reduced to half to…
Tim Sackton: 20.
David S. Kong: God.
Tim Sackton: And that brings up Dow Western.
David S. Kong: Jesus Christ.
David S. Kong: Here's a question.
Mike: That actually…
David S. Kong: Just soaking it all up.
David S. Kong: This is crazy.
Mike: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: men.
Mike: the… Scatter… the way Scatter is written, you can't put people in the air.
Mike: Because… I mean, obviously the reason is they don't want you to be able to teleport enemies up into the air and then.
Tim Sackton: I would say if somebody has the ability to hover, you can put them in the air.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So…
Mike: Can I put myself in the air because I can then start flying?
Mike: Or do I have to use a…
Mike: Do I have to start flying?
Tim Sackton: And then…
Mike: I can use a sorcery point to cast it without talking.
Tim Sackton: I don't… I don't.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't think you… I think you have to do it flying first, and then cast the spell.
Mike: But that actually makes my life a lot easier, because I can go 120 feet with sorcery.
David S. Kong: Are you gonna cast Scatter and rearrange the board right now, or are you gonna get.
Mike: Yes. Thank you. I can't get you out of there, I can only do people within 30 feet of me.
David S. Kong: Can you get within 33 feet of me and then get me out of there? I mean, I'm getting a bunch of, like, disengage dodge dash shit.
Mike: Oh, wait a minute, hold on, if I fly 70 feet first…
Eric Rosenbaum: Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Mike: If I plot… fly 70 feet first.
David S. Kong: I absolutely will be within 30 feet of you. Yeah, get me out of there.
Tim Sackton: Because if I went… If you go 70… if you go… it's… it would be close, but probably just because of the way triangles work, if you fly 70 feet diagonally towards them…
Mike: 70 feet straight towards Kenzo, and then…
Mike: Ow, but if I do… oh, right, no, I can't… okay, hold on.
Mike: This is super complicated. There's two things I could do, right? One is, I could…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're, like, 95 feet away from Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Right now, or 100 feet, something like that. So if you fly 70 feet towards Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Kenza will be in 30 feet of you.
Mike: So… here's the problem, I can't do two metamagics on one spell. So I can either… Cast…
Mike: I can either cast Scatter to be standing on the corner of the… of the…
Mike: teleport of the… I can either cast Scatter to get close, and then fly, and then still attack her.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Or I can fly, and then get Cascada to be next to her, and move Kenzo out of her range.
Mike: But not actually be able to attack her.
David S. Kong: Do that.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is next, for what it's worth.
David S. Kong: Oh, so, okay, just… so, Tim, actually, I wanted to check in with you on this. So, what I was gonna do next is some combination of… because I got all this fucking get-the-hell-out-of-dodge stuff, so… Yeah. I was gonna do, some combination of patient defense.
David S. Kong: Where I get temporary hit points. So, like, so, okay, basically there's disengage, dodge, and dash. And I've got weird things to do, all three of those things.
David S. Kong: So…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so if you do, if you do,
Tim Sackton: Patient Defense, and spend one key.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: You get 2D12 temporary hit points.
David S. Kong: Correct?
Tim Sackton: You can take the disengage action as a bonus action, so you can attack her first, and you get to dodge.
David S. Kong: And I get to dodge, but I do not…
Tim Sackton: All of those things.
David S. Kong: Right, but… and I don't worry, and dashing is… whatever.
Tim Sackton: A step of the wind. I mean, if you want to do them all, you can spend your action to dash instead of attack.
Tim Sackton: If you want to get out of her range, you would have to do that, because she has 150 feet of movement.
David S. Kong: So, this is the thing, like, if I… if I… if I stay nearby, like, I think, cause, like, I'm attached to the heartroot, so she, like, does another, like, big-ass round of damage to me that's also bad for the larger plan. So, I think if… since I go next, I think I'm gonna do… I think I may do the…
David S. Kong: I still get an attack, right, if I do the, do I still get an attack if I do the dashes?
Tim Sackton: If you… if you do the disengage and dodge, you still get an attack, yes.
David S. Kong: But then… but then if I do the dash, can I…
Tim Sackton: get an attack.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I would just get the fuck out of there. So…
Tim Sackton: If you do… if you do all 3 of them, you don't get an attack. If you do…
David S. Kong: Okay, but if I do all.
Tim Sackton: Two of them.
David S. Kong: I can get out of her range, and then she can't attack me in the next round.
Tim Sackton: Yes. I mean…
Tim Sackton: You could also, if you do Step of the Wind, instead of… you don't get the dodge, so if she reaches you somehow, she would attack you with… without disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Step of the Wind lets you disengage and dash.
Tim Sackton: I would… honestly, you might just do that, right? You can still attack her, and then step of the wind to disengage and dash out of the way.
David S. Kong: If I do all that, then I think, deal with, you should just get close and attack her, and then I will get myself out of there.
Mike: Now, of course, we're basically trading, she's gonna then just pound on me, which is fine.
David S. Kong: Dude, you have 4 hit points!
Mike: I know! Yeah, yeah, no, it's basically fine, although if she does 90 points of damage, it's not only 45 for me, but I'll be fine, it'll be fine.
David S. Kong: Also, if you're not psychically connected to the heart roots.
Mike: Yeah, no, it's fine. I can always throw up shield and try and… it's just the Raven's Whistle is kind of an annoying flying power, because I have to burn so many…
Mike: Metamagix, to be able.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Mike: But it's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll take a round of melee, also, next round.
Mike: Okay, I'm going to… I'm going to cast Scatter, would the latter like to be in combat with her?
David S. Kong: I would vote yes. Yes, of course.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that also helps Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, because it adds 10 feet to your move.
Mike: So, I'm gonna… I'm gonna cast Scatter, using a Metamagic to bonus action it.
Mike: Right? And then appear, right… then dealt with will appear right here.
Mike: Right?
Mike: Yeah… but the ladder's bonus is start of turn, right?
Mike: I get my bonus move because I…
Tim Sackton: If you start your turn, your move is increased by 10.
Mike: Then I have 80 feet move from the corner here, which will reach her.
Mike: Because I'm 70 feet up, right? And so then I'll fly, so now I'm 90 feet up.
Mike: Where do you… where are we putting the little hole?
Mike: Where's the little.
Tim Sackton: If you… if you click up on the very top left, there's, like, a…
Tim Sackton: dash zero line button, I just did it for you.
Mike: Okay. So now I'm 90 feet up, next to her, I used Scatter as a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: So you still have your action.
Mike: But I still have my action. And Smite doesn't require any sort of action, it just requires hitting.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: So now, let's see what happens. Attack number one.
Mike: I keep probably 18s.
Tim Sackton: our heads.
Mike: I know, I know, but I… but 19…
Tim Sackton: Cred on a 19, I know.
Mike: Beauty… so 1D8 plus… What is it, plus 11…
Mike: So I do…
Tim Sackton: 18…
Mike: 18 plus 2 radiant.
Mike: On the first hit.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Second attack misses.
Mike: Third attack misses too, I'm gonna re-roll that.
Mike: I rolled a 1. I'm gonna… I'm gonna Heroic Inspiration to re-roll that.
Tim Sackton: as…
Mike: Roll the floor!
Tim Sackton: appears.
Mike: Play all's about! Misses completely!
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm.
Mike: I made it on my first hit.
Tim Sackton: That ends Daoist's turn,
Tim Sackton: before Kenzo's turn, she's gonna use her last legendary action.
Tim Sackton: To attack you once more.
David S. Kong: What the fuck?
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, that…
David S. Kong: I thought you said I was there.
Tim Sackton: does not have…
David S. Kong: The whole thing.
Tim Sackton: She's using legendary actions.
David S. Kong: She's gonna… Damn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many hit points do you have, Colin?
David S. Kong: Dude, that's about- that's- that's, that's, like, that's deceptive, dude.
Tim Sackton: Again, also with the sword. That's a 20, which you already see.
David S. Kong: 20.
Tim Sackton: So that hits.
Tim Sackton: So that's 25 points of damage, 14 slashing, and 11 cold this time, reduced to half, so that's 12.
David S. Kong: Alright, hanging on by a thread, guys. 16 damage.
Tim Sackton: And it is your turn. And she's out of legendary actions until her turn.
David S. Kong: Jesus fucking Christ. Alright, now I will do all the things, I'm gonna get the fuck out of there.
David S. Kong: So I will, do the,
David S. Kong: Wait, so if I do disengage and dash, how far away can I get?
Tim Sackton: You can move 160 feet.
Tim Sackton: with your bonus action. So your action… you can use your action to attack first.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you can hit her twice with your stack.
David S. Kong: Alright, yeah, I'll try to kill her. I'll try to kill her first.
David S. Kong: I'm also gonna use some…
David S. Kong: What is her, con Charisma Wisdom? Is she bad at any of those again?
Tim Sackton: So, she's really good at charisma.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: She's really good at con, she's bad at wisdom, but she's immune to frightened, poisoned, charmed, and exhausted.
David S. Kong: Okay, so those are all pointless then. Alright, then I'll just attack her with my staff twice.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo, looking nervous, As the heart rate.
Tim Sackton: If you get within 60 feet of the heartroot, you can also, remember, heal yourself.
Tim Sackton: soon.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's true, but also…
David S. Kong: Maybe better just to be far away. How… what's her move again? She can move 150?
Tim Sackton: 150.
David S. Kong: And I can move 160?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 60 feet from the heart route is… is pretty far, right? Like, you can go…
Mike: She's 90 feet up! So if you can…
Tim Sackton: You can go all the way here, right? You can go way over here.
David S. Kong: Okay, I will do that.
Tim Sackton: And that's still 60 feet from the heart rate.
David S. Kong: Alright, perfect. I'll do that. That's exactly where I'll go, but first let me attack her twice, and maybe kill her? I don't know. Let's see if I crit.
David S. Kong: First attack… 29 hits…
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: that does…
Tim Sackton: She's bloody, but she's not below 25 health. You need another good crit smite to be dealt with.
David S. Kong: I need 15 plus, roll 1D6… and then I also get a roll… a D12, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: We'll only need 12.
David S. Kong: Okay, that was good. So that's…
Tim Sackton: Definitely getting wounded. I mean, she's…
David S. Kong: Hold on, that was 15 plus…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got it.
David S. Kong: 30. That's 30 from that attack?
Tim Sackton: So, as the first staff strike hits here, you can see, actually, now, at this point, the armor is beginning to sort of
Tim Sackton: Shimmer around her, like, almost turning oil slick slightly.
David S. Kong: Alright, 22 hits again, and that does a 7 plus,
David S. Kong: Well, only 6… 4… that's another 11.
David S. Kong: And then I will disengage and dodge.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you can get to the ground all the way here.
David S. Kong: Yeah, and I'll get over there, within 60 feet of the heart route.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: So, sorry, where am I at worst?
David S. Kong: Where's the spot again, Tim?
Tim Sackton: So, 60 feet of the heart route is, like, right there at the end of that blue arrow.
David S. Kong: And so…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got you.
Tim Sackton: So, right there.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, thank you. Perfect.
Tim Sackton: That ends Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: Actually, Right? I mean, that's putting you pretty close to these two storms, just FYI.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Does that sca… does that frighten you at all?
David S. Kong: Can't I go 60 feet? Like, or can I go the other… I just go…
Mike: Well, you want to also be 150 feet away from her.
David S. Kong: Exactly.
Mike: Right.
Mike: But, like, 60 plus 90, that's not quite…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you go… You go, like, here… ish?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Derek?
Tim Sackton: That's a little too far from the heart route. Move two squares closer.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's… Yeah, that's 85… N90, that's pretty far away.
Tim Sackton: It's only 125 feet from her. It's pretty hard to get.
Tim Sackton: 160 feet from her, and also 60 feet from my heart route. I don't… I actually don't think you can, so you gotta choose.
David S. Kong: I'm just gonna get far enough away from her that she can't attack me, because I don't…
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
David S. Kong: So…
Tim Sackton: So if you just go… if you just go straight, like, up onto these cliffs.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Over.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: gear.
Tim Sackton: Right, you're gonna be basically off the map a little bit.
David S. Kong: That's fine, I'll get off the mat.
David S. Kong: I've done my service. Good luck, guys.
Mike: So, he sends us off.
Tim Sackton: 160 feet away.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna heal myself off-screen, and I'll come back in a round.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That ends Kenza's turn to 2.
Tim Sackton: Chaos Creatures, metallic storms are going after the Triceratops again, as it is right there.
Tim Sackton: So, they will make 4 Wind Talon attacks.
Tim Sackton: 16 hits, 8 misses, 18 hits.
Tim Sackton: 15 hits, that's 28 points of damage on the Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: Which collapses it into a metallic…
Tim Sackton: a small stone Triceratops again to be revived in 7 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And that ends their turn.
Tim Sackton: No more Triceratops.
Tim Sackton: So it is the Empress. Kenzo is gone.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is still a puzzle that she has not solved yet.
Tim Sackton: Daweth is standing right there.
Tim Sackton: So she will make… Three attacks on Delaware.
Tim Sackton: The first attack with a sword.
Tim Sackton: Second attack with a sword, that's a 29 and a 34.
Tim Sackton: That was acid.
Tim Sackton: The first attack does…
Mike: Well done.
Mike: wait… Has her sword or spear been doing more damage?
Tim Sackton: BR has been doing the most damage.
Mike: I'll do nothing yet, then.
Tim Sackton: So, that does, 15 points of slashing damage and 25 points of fire damage.
Tim Sackton: The second sword does 18 points of slashing damage and 17 points of cold damage.
Mike: She's gonna, like, take me out pretty fast.
Tim Sackton: And the spear is a 26.
Mike: I will use my reaction…
Mike: She might just one-shot me, guys.
Mike: Just so everybody's aware, I only have.
Eric Rosenbaum: for him.
Mike: 26.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Shhh.
Mike: really hope that I roll above a 3.
Mike: She messes.
Tim Sackton: So the spear is deflected by…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yazali.
Tim Sackton: I just…
Eric Rosenbaum: genes.
Tim Sackton: Ends her turn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, but you're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will start by shooting her and trying to blind her again.
Tim Sackton: That's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: That's a… 23 on the deck safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rest.
Tim Sackton: Oof.
Tim Sackton: A lot of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): minus, 14, though.
Tim Sackton: So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 45…
Tim Sackton: she's almost under 100.
Tim Sackton: Second action?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's think about this. The…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no more Triceratops. I don't think I've shot either of these storms before.
Tim Sackton: You have not shot either of those storms before, because you've killed the one you had Vex on last time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah…
Tim Sackton: This one is bloodied, this one is unhurt.
Tim Sackton: One is bloody, two is unhurt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll shoot one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that's just…
Tim Sackton: 13… So it's just 13 damage, and you've got Vaxx on 1 now.
Tim Sackton: Although it's now looking… quite hurt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'm gonna… I'm gonna move, just to sort of put myself slightly closer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wanna be a target if she finishes the two that she's in melee with.
Tim Sackton: That ends… Robby's turn.
Mike: I could use some Healing Seeker, if that's something that you could do.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is next, because no their actions, so Seeker, you're on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit, I'm not close enough for a layer, actually.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I will, he'll deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's see, I will once again do a…
Eric Rosenbaum: 5th level healing word… yeah, that seems like the right thing to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or $20.
Tim Sackton: Not their secret.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Seeker, that's…
Mike: But you can also fish it.
Tim Sackton: go, and you It's just mockery to try and… Remember, she's bad at wisdom.
Tim Sackton: But that's a 1 if you're a Vicious mockery, so she fails the wisdom to move, so disadvantaged at her next attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: What a disastrous attempt at chaos, totally predictable. And the latter can attack.
Tim Sackton: The ladder heads!
David S. Kong: Pillar, ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's D10 plus 11, is that right?
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12.
Tim Sackton: So… Oh, and roll your 46 damage for Visit Mockery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right.
Tim Sackton: She will now, at the end of Seeker's turn, use
Tim Sackton: A legendary action, this is the first of this round, to fly within 10 feet of Kenzo.
David S. Kong: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: She has 150 feet move.
Mike: So obnoxious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did she just pass?
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did she pass right by midnight?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's, it's minus 10 because of the latter.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay. Within 20 feet of Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Until it gets blusted.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she wouldn't have passed within Welby's reach.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with already used his reaction.
David S. Kong: Why is she chasing after me?
Mike: Is he a connected physiography.
Tim Sackton: Connected to the heart.
David S. Kong: How'd you know that?
Tim Sackton: She's obviously been sensing the… tracking the heart route. I said at the very beginning, you can tell that she could see where it was, even though she was blinded.
David S. Kong: But why is she going after me, though?
Tim Sackton: Because maybe to her, you look like the heart… Maybe she's not.
David S. Kong: committee.
Tim Sackton: Confused as to why nothing she's doing is corrupting the heart rate.
David S. Kong: That's crazy.
Tim Sackton: So… Okay, so 100 and… so this is 120, sorry, this is 105, so add…
Tim Sackton: 140, so add…
Tim Sackton: 10, 25, 30… add 25 to whatever you're doing if you want to be next to her.
David S. Kong: What do you mean, add 25?
Tim Sackton: So, if you want to be… Sorry, Kenza's curious.
David S. Kong: coming to me?
Tim Sackton: So she is 25 feet further away from the heart route than her position on the board.
Mike: because Kenzo's not quite on the board.
Tim Sackton: Cause… cause Kenzo's off the board by 25 feet.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, by the way, I forgot to roll my hit points, so I got 22 more hit points.
Mike: Oh, your 10 pit points.
David S. Kong: That's helpful.
Tim Sackton: So, that's if you do patient defense, and you did Step of the Wind.
Mike: Alright, gentlemen.
Tim Sackton: dash.
Mike: And do patient defense.
David S. Kong: Dupe.
Tim Sackton: So… Douas is up.
Mike: Wait, it's my turn?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Why are you forcing my hand on the stem?
Mike: So, I can't…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In my hand.
Mike: I can get next to her, but then I won't be able to smite, because I'll be out of spell slots.
Mike: I don't think there's anything else…
Mike: Cause she's, like, she's 150 feet away from me, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: And my move is… 70. So I could… if I went straight…
Tim Sackton: a hundred and… I wanna move 25 feet away from you.
Mike: Right, so if I went straight towards her, I would be 70…
Mike: Now, I'd be 55 feet away from her.
Mike: Yes. Right.
Mike: So of course, if I dashed, I could be in range, but that doesn't actually do me any good.
Mike: I could get in range, but I wouldn't have any spell slots left, and so I wouldn't be able to smite her.
Mike: I don't think there's any way I can…
Mike: Sorry, I'm just looking to see if there's anything I can do to move faster.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter gives you plus 10.
Mike: I know, I'm already counting on that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: I don't know, I move 80, not 70.
Mike: 30 times 2.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you move 80.
Mike: Still, it's 45 feet, that's too far.
Mike: And there's nothing I could do to close that last 45 feet.
Mike: Except Dimension Door.
Mike: But then, that's my last spell slot, dammit!
Mike: Well, is it worth 3 attacks?
Tim Sackton: That was next.
Mike: It's probably worth closing and doing 3 attacks, even though I cannot smite, right?
David S. Kong: How damaged is she? And, like, what's her situation? She's like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she's… Under a quarter of her starting health.
Mike: We don't know, but we think she's in, like, the 50s to 70s to 80s.
David S. Kong: Like, do you think you can kill her right now, or probably not?
Mike: If I could smite, I could.
David S. Kong: But you can't.
Mike: I can't close and smite now.
David S. Kong: So you cannot kill her this round.
Mike: No, unless I think of something clever that I haven't thought of.
Mike: And I just don't think there's anything I can do.
David S. Kong: And then, just, Kenzo's just, like, feeling it out. Like, if he dies, like, what happens to the heartbreak?
David S. Kong: Like, how bad's it gonna be for the heart route?
Tim Sackton: Palm… Like, falls unconscious or dies, dies. If you fall unconscious…
Tim Sackton: it's probably okay. If you are, like, literally killed by the Chaos Spear.
Tim Sackton: It's probably not quite as bad as the…
Tim Sackton: Actual corruption, but it's not gonna be good.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: But, I mean, you can tell, if she knocks you unconscious, she's not, like, going to attack somebody else. She's going to kill you.
David S. Kong: Okay. Well, do what you're gonna do, Double.
Tim Sackton: And you can always crit, then you might kill her.
Mike: Yeah, but I can't smite, so… even with a crit, it's only 2d8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, that's true.
Mike: Kenzo, how far away is Kenzo from me?
Mike: I mean, how far away is Kenzo?
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's 20 feet away from the Empress of Chaos.
Mike: Wait, her Wisdom save is not that good?
Tim Sackton: Her wisdom save is not that good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: She's used two Legendary Resistances, and she has advantage on saves, because… oh no, she doesn't have advantage, because she used…
Tim Sackton: She used the Legendary Resistance to avoid blind.
Tim Sackton: From Woabi's last attack.
Mike: So she's doll 3? Er, she's 3 now.
Tim Sackton: Oh no, she… that was last round, sorry, that wasn't this round.
Tim Sackton: She's used two.
Mike: polymorph.
Mike: those up.
Mike: Okay, anyway. I could cast Sanctuary on Kenza.
David S. Kong: What's that, dude?
Mike: she can't attack you, unless she makes a DC20 Wisdom save.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's cool.
David S. Kong: That's cool.
Mike: That's… I could do that, and…
Mike: Get close to her, and then…
Mike: I could close with her, and be standing next to her, not attack her, and cast Sanctuary.
Mike: I just feel like saving a spell slot for Smite is gonna be more useful, but… Damn.
Mike: I just think… maybe this is a mistake.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think preventing Kenzo from going up.
Tim Sackton: Sanctuary is a bonus action.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you can dash… you can dash move Sanctuary.
Mike: Yay!
Tim Sackton: Right, that's what you're saying you can do.
Mike: Yeah, Kurt.
Mike: I would… correct. Dash move Sanctuary means I can't attack her, but I save a spell slot, or I Bonus Action Dimension Door.
Mike: and attack her, but then I'm out of spell slots, and I don't think I can kill her with just regular attacks.
Mike: Right. But then, I… yeah, I'm gonna… I'm gonna dash… I'm gonna just fly over there. I'm just gonna dash, so I go 160 feet, right? So I'll actually close to be past…
Mike: I'll stand in… I'll stand guard in front of Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Right?
Mike: And then cast Sanctuary on Kenzo.
David S. Kong: And Sanctuary does what again?
Mike: It means that until you attack.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: It tells.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you… yeah.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Mike: I mean, I land in front of Kenza, so I'm not raving.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Then I cast Sanctuary, right?
Mike: So, Sanctuary means that until you attack.
Mike: She cannot… nobody can attack you unless they make a DC20 wisdom save.
David S. Kong: And her wisdom is…
Tim Sackton: Nice.
Mike: All right.
Tim Sackton: it's safe.
Mike: Terwick is safe.
Tim Sackton: She has failed multiple…
Mike: Wow, she could always use a legendary action to… get past it, but…
David S. Kong: How many legendary actions does she have?
Mike: She has 3, most creatures have 3.
Mike: Anyway, that's what I did, so…
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Sanctuary's up on Kenzo.
Mike: I mean, is there a way to stand? Like, are we in the trees down here?
Tim Sackton: I, I, I think Kenza landed in the trees, I like…
Mike: Can I, like, at least make it a little bit difficult for her to…
Mike: like, is it possible to stand? I mean, I guess she flies, it's pretty difficult to…
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So, she's gonna, use her second .
Mike: budget action.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's gonna use… so that ends Dala's turn, as he flies over and then puts a sanctuary ward around
Tim Sackton: Around dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, around Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's not in reach with her weapons. She will… Use…
Tim Sackton: a second legendary action, to…
Tim Sackton: Wait, did you… you succeeded at… did she use a grapp… did she use a grapple on you? You weren't grappled, were you?
Tim Sackton: Taoist.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: No. Okay.
Mike: She didn't use a grapple last turn.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Was that the last round that…
Tim Sackton: She grappled you and… she tried to grapple you in Welby, and you rolled a 3 on your strength save.
Tim Sackton: I can't remember when that was. I should have.
Mike: That was, like, at the beginning of the combat.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: She hasn't grappled me in a long time.
Mike: I only rolled one strength save, it was at the very beginning of combat, it was the first round. She grappled Kenzo, but she didn't grapple me.
Tim Sackton: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: I'm Kenzo…
Tim Sackton: Well, I can't remember. It doesn't matter. I wasn't tracking it carefully. She is going to…
Tim Sackton: Throw a grapple back on… Welby and the latter. So, strength save for both.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a long way. Wow. Huh.
David S. Kong: She's not…
Tim Sackton: That's… Yeah, that's within 150 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the ladder has strength 18…
Eric Rosenbaum: So what do I roll? Let's see…
Tim Sackton: So I think it's just plus 1D20 plus 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's pretty good. 83.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good job.
Tim Sackton: So… Valvey has grappled that the latter is not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good job, Laura.
Tim Sackton: It is now… Kenzo's turn.
David S. Kong: Wait, so has she attacked yet? Has she done her normal attack yet?
Tim Sackton: Her turn is gonna be next, after you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get out of there, man.
Mike: I mean, you could go another 150 feet away from her.
David S. Kong: Okay, question.
David S. Kong: Do we think we can… when, how, like, okay, like, we guess she's probably got around, like, 70 hit points left, something like that, maybe?
Mike: Yep, yep.
David S. Kong: And are we gonna kill her this round?
Mike: I think if I can reach her on my next turn.
Mike: I think I can take her out.
Mike: with a smite. If I can… if I can be… if Delith can get 3 attacks.
Mike: with an opportunity of smiting on one where he hits, I… there's a decent chance that I can do enough damage to kill her.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can probably do another 40 or 50 this round, too.
Mike: Especially if Welby adds 40 or 50, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can hit her with a catapult from where I am.
Mike: All that put together, we're probably good at killing. We're probably okay.
David S. Kong: Okay, if that's the case, Tim, I'm very, you know, it's like, you know, like, I'm very, you know… BUT!
David S. Kong: I think if I… cause, like, I can, I can move another… I can move another, if I do another Step of the Wind…
David S. Kong: Because she's currently how many feet away from me? She's 20 feet away from you, right? She's 20…
Tim Sackton: Feed away from you now.
David S. Kong: And I can do another… if I… if I do, step of the wind…
Mike: The one… one idea, Kenza, though, is if you run and she keeps chasing you.
David S. Kong: Yeah. There's upsides to that, but we can't keep up.
Mike: But if she goes another 150 feet away, she'll be out of range of Welby's arrows, she'll… deal with, won't be able to…
Tim Sackton: No, well, because our… Bobby's still
Tim Sackton: her out. He can hit her from anywhere.
Mike: tragedy, right?
Tim Sackton: She just says her name.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: As long as I'm not…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As long as I'm not grappled, I can move 180 feet around, and still attack.
David S. Kong: Alright, okay.
Mike: That's pretty good move.
Tim Sackton: Well, you'll be battled till the end of your next turn, so that won't help you this time, but 400 feet.
Mike: Daleth will have a hard time.
Mike: keeping up. I mean, I could dimension to her to get to her, but then I wouldn't be able to smile.
David S. Kong: Alright, alright, so I think… I think what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna tr… okay, so, if I do, Heightened Step of the Wind.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, if you do step of the wind, you can take Delwood with you.
David S. Kong: Wow! I totally can! I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow.
David S. Kong: I can totally do heightened steps within, and I can grab you, and you're within 5 feet, and I can take you with me. That's fucking awesome. Yeah, I'll totally do that.
Mike: Awesome, yeah. Bodyguard.
David S. Kong: I will… I will do that.
Mike: I bought boards.
David S. Kong: I will grab you, and… but before I do that, because that's a bonus action, right? So I can still… I can still attack.
Mike: If you attack, the sanctuary goes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Attack what?
Mike: If you attack, the sanctuary goes away.
David S. Kong: Oh… Alright, fuck it, let's just, let's just go together.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'll just…
David S. Kong: But I want to do something for my actions.
Tim Sackton: You can dodge for your actions.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I'll dodge…
Tim Sackton: Disadvantage, she has to be Sanctuary plus disadvantage.
Mike: Can't you patient… what about patient defense?
Tim Sackton: I was doing Step of the Wind as a bonus section.
Tim Sackton: So, dodge is an action, so you have dash.
Tim Sackton: Disengage, take dealt with with you, and disadvantage on all attacks against you.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Does she still get an opportunity attack on me? No.
Mike: No, no, no, she's… we're 20 feet away.
David S. Kong: Alright, and now you're fine.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: engaging.
David S. Kong: And I… so I now move 150 more feet.
Tim Sackton: You move 140, because you're not next to the ladder.
David S. Kong: Alright. So, I'm 160 feet, alright, so, grab…
David S. Kong: dealt with, and boom! Shoot out of there.
Tim Sackton: Guys are dash… are, like, sprinting through the valley here. She is gonna use her last…
Tim Sackton: She did a move, she did a grapple, she's doing her last move to move 150 feet, so closing to within 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: And, and now it's the Metallic Storms who are going to…
Tim Sackton: Dash to close in on well-being.
Mike: I mean, hip.
Tim Sackton: So you… you can't get out of the way.
Mike: How many hit points do you have left?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I haven't taken any damage.
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Kenza.
David S. Kong: 16. If she hits… if she touches me, I die. I'm gonna… I'm gonna die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Tim Sackton: That brings her turn.
Tim Sackton: She is…
David S. Kong: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on. She's now within 10 feet?
David S. Kong: Yeah. I thought she just did all that stuff to get within 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: Wow, that was her last legendary action. Now it's her turn.
David S. Kong: No! Oh, fuck!
David S. Kong: Dammit! Wait!
David S. Kong: But I got all that protection shit, right? I got Sanctuary.
Tim Sackton: I do, so… Sanctuary, first attack, With the sword, that's a…
Tim Sackton: 2 on the die, so it's a,
Tim Sackton: 9 on the Wisdom save, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: She's not gonna waste a legendary action on that.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Not even rolling the disadvantaged, or not even rolling second one. That succeeds past the sanctuary.
Tim Sackton: There's an 18 on the die. With disadvantage, That's, 9 plus…
Mike: Oh, and 18 on the die. She has more than a plus 2 on this device.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. 9 plus 16, that's a 24.
Tim Sackton: With the sword.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy.
Tim Sackton: So, the first strike lands on Kenzo.
Mike: That would be a disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: That was with disadvantages, a 9 and a 19. 17…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Points of slashing damage, and 17…
Tim Sackton: Points of fire damage reduced by half.
Tim Sackton: to 17.
David S. Kong: I'm unconscious.
Mike: the OEMC.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo falls unconscious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yikes. Turns.
Tim Sackton: with the Chaos Spear.
Tim Sackton: If thou with heavenly healing?
Mike: I have a potion and spouse.
Tim Sackton: with the Chaos Spear, and she stabs at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Does Sanctuary… Sanctuary doesn't protect unconscious people, does it? Maybe it does.
Mike: No, it's not concentration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: She will burn her last Legendary Resistance to beat that Sanctuary.
Tim Sackton: And then… straight roll.
Tim Sackton: So, even the… dodging… you cannot dodge when you're unconscious, actually, so she has advantage because you are, down. So, yeah, that hits.
Tim Sackton: So you… Fail.
Mike: As long as it doesn't crit, it doesn't really matter, you just fail, death save.
Tim Sackton: What's the…
Mike: I can deal with potions… well, no, I can… I can heal and wood.
Tim Sackton: An action? It's an action to apply a potion to an ally, it's a bonus action to drink.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: So, you fail one death saving throw, Kenzo. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Commit, what does that mean?
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And, oh, sorry. Mike, Dalwith also takes, because you're finally, somebody's finally within 10 feet of the person stacking. Dalwith also takes 11 points of cold damage.
Tim Sackton: From the blast, from the spear as it pierces into Kenzo's body.
Mike: fun, okay?
Tim Sackton: That ends your turn. Welby, you take 10 points of slashing damage from the storms.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As the… your turn starts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man, how far away are they now?
Tim Sackton: like, 300… 300 feet?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 300's good. Alright, I'm gonna shoot her, I'm not gonna bother with this blindness stuff.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's…
Mike: Although… wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on, before you don't bother with blindness, she doesn't have any legendary resistances yet. Advantage… would really help me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but she's beaten my… like, she's beaten that deck safe so many times. I think we're at the point where, like, 3D6 could make a difference.
Mike: Yeah, you're probably right. Yeah, yeah, fair enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's 41.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 12 damage, yeah, that… 12 damage would… could be the difference.
Tim Sackton: Not Dad.
Mike: Just… okay.
David S. Kong: How dead is she looking?
Tim Sackton: She's looking like… She's looking… she's actually looking… there's, like, fear in her eyes right now.
Mike: What is… what's the initiative order again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm…
Mike: Is dealt with next?
Tim Sackton: Seek or dealt with Kenzo.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna shoot her a second time. I won't get the sneak attack, but it'll still…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): worth it.
Tim Sackton: 20 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that is 11.
Tim Sackton: Looking quite wounded.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 52 altogether, you're almost there.
Mike: Yeah, is there anything Seeker can do from this range?
Tim Sackton: 300 feet. I mean, there's two metallic storms right there threatening Welby.
Mike: Why don't… yeah, secret… I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can just rip.
Tim Sackton: I mean, although, it's only two… it's only… Two doublings of Catapult.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I was thinking, actually.
Tim Sackton: That would be your last two charges.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have a… Where's… what's my highest spell slot remaining? A fourth?
Eric Rosenbaum: Level catapult.
Eric Rosenbaum: So… Wait, how far does that?
Mike: Where does the catapult go? Do you even have to double it?
Tim Sackton: It goes 90 feet, so it's 150 feet total range.
Tim Sackton: 300 feet away, so you have to double the 60 feet a couple of times to get it.
Mike: tablet twice, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That means selecting a small rock.
Mike: Yeah, you pick up a branch, you pick up a branch far away.
Tim Sackton: You just look, you're looking in the distance, you're like, oh yeah, there's a rock over there 150 feet away from you.
Tim Sackton: And it goes flying through the trees.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: 19.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she found.
Eric Rosenbaum: I may as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's… that's totally…
Mike: That'd be most of it. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a long…
Tim Sackton: She's looking like she's on her last legs.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with is next. Ladder still gets an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the ladder will attack the storm next to it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's gonna take… what's the ladder's reach, is it 5 or 10 feet?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, let me check.
Tim Sackton: I think it's just 5 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it… Oh, 5 feet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so it has to take 10 points of damage moving into the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I make my spell attack.
Tim Sackton: Not at the.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15 to hit… And then it's… Do 10 plus 11…
Tim Sackton: Plenty.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I meant to give the latter inspiration before.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess it doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can give the latter inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because if I do that, does it get the D12?
Eric Rosenbaum: of damage?
Tim Sackton: It has… only if it uses the inspiration.
Tim Sackton: But it could just use it, it doesn't matter, it can use it when it doesn't… when it doesn't miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another form.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oops.
Tim Sackton: Not negative 4.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Goeth?
Tim Sackton: It is now, Legendary action, gets them back after a turn, stab Kenzo again.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: kinds of…
Tim Sackton: Kenzo fails another death save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we need to do something about that.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.
Mike: I can bonus action Healing Word and still smite.
Mike: As long as I can act. Is it my turn?
Tim Sackton: Wait.
Mike: Smite is not an action.
Tim Sackton: No, but… it's a sorce. Sorcerer. It doesn't… That's lot, yeah, yeah.
Mike: No, no, no, no, Smite is a spell slot, but I can use a Sorcerer spell slot, it's a healing word.
Mike: I was casting a spell.
Tim Sackton: But you can't expend two spell slots in one turn.
Mike: But Smite, I don't think…
Tim Sackton: I'm pretty sure you can't smite and bonus action cast a spell in one turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Must be on, like, single-digit points by this point, though, like…
David S. Kong: finisher off.
Mike: Okay. I mean,
Mike: I guess it says expend a pack magic spell slot to deal an extra point.
Tim Sackton: You can only spend one spell slot in a turn.
Mike: I thought you could only cast a spell using a spe- anyway, it doesn't matter.
Mike: I don't have a… Okay. Well, I'm gonna attack her. It's my turn? Yep.
Mike: Okay. First attack.
Mike: I'm rolling very badly.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Heroic?
Mike: I already used my Heroic. Ardict?
David S. Kong: How many sacks do you have?
Mike: I'm just gonna try again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have one, one more…
Mike: 21 hit.
Tim Sackton: 21 hits.
David S. Kong: Can you smite now?
Mike: I better just smite. Well, if I can't… yeah, okay. So…
Tim Sackton: Roll your damage first before you slate.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: If she's that close to dead.
Mike: 98 plus 11… 14… Plus 5 Radiant.
Tim Sackton: So, as your sword strikes her.
Tim Sackton: The armor begins to swarm around her, and, like, swarm… she looks at you.
Tim Sackton: And she… she hasn't spoken, she's been, like, angry and just kind of fighting the whole time. She hasn't acknowledged her presence. But as this last blow hits her, the armor begins to shimmer.
Tim Sackton: And she looks, and she says, You fool!
Tim Sackton: You have no idea what you've done!
Tim Sackton: Chaos will have victory one way or another.
Tim Sackton: And as she dies, the armor begins to expand.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: and expand.
Tim Sackton: And expand into a swirling mass of formless metal.
Mike: That looks scary.
Mike: Okay, that's a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or, like, a second form boss fight.
Mike: That's terrifying.
Mike: Did I… could I attack it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can attack it.
David S. Kong: Wait, where? Oh, is that the swirling thing?
Mike: What is it? Is it, like, what, terrifying and scary?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like her body is being ripped to shreds as the armor expands out and out and out into this sort of 20-foot-sized…
Tim Sackton: whirlwind with, like, bits of a face beginning to form out of the metal, and you can actually hear her horrifying shriek as she is consumed by the chaos energy of limbo.
David S. Kong: Alright. Fuck this shit.
Mike: That doesn't sound great.
Tim Sackton: And so it's.
David S. Kong: Wait, does the.
Mike: Can somebody… can I do anything right now? I will heal… I will heal you. I just… You just haven't… I need… I…
Mike: I will just not smite, I'll just attack. Oh, so…
David S. Kong: You just attacked, yeah, so just give me a.
Mike: Yeah, hold on, hold on, hold on. So, first of all, I heal… does this count as her dying?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: She is definitely 100% dead.
David S. Kong: But now there's a new.
Tim Sackton: the living… Limbo Chaos Metal Armor Monster has replaced her, but it definitely counts as her dying. Nice.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: She is being consumed by the chaos energy she barely managed to control.
Mike: Hold on a second, Ed.
Mike: So I will apply… I will not… sorry, I will not regain hit points, and I will move my Bark of the Hunter to this creature.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: That does not take an action.
Mike: I will then…
Tim Sackton: Two attacks and your bonus action.
Mike: Yeah, so then I will attack this creature.
Mike: Does a 21 hit?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay, so that is… Does it… is it Resist? Do you want me to roll Radiant Damage separately?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: I will just tell you, because it has no resistance, no damage resistances, it is immune to all elemental damage. Acid, cold, fire, lightning, poison.
Mike: 26th damage?
Mike: And then I will attack it a second time.
Mike: Oh, a print.
Mike: Do I smite?
Mike: on the crit, That just means I can't heal Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: If you don't heal Kenzo, there's a high chance he is literally dead next turn.
Mike: Okay, I think I have to use it.
David S. Kong: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: I guess I will not, yeah, cause I can't…
David S. Kong: Yo, Kenzo.
Mike: I have nothing I can do. Trust. Trust. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I will get a heel, Kenzo, don't worry. I will just… I will still do…
Mike: 48.
Mike: I'll still do 33 damage.
Tim Sackton: It's not bad.
Tim Sackton: the storm is… as the metal is beginning to expand, Dalwith is, like, slashing at it with his sword, and you see bits of this…
Tim Sackton: Metal beginning to fly off.
Tim Sackton: How much do you heal Kenzo for?
Mike: So, Kenzo.
Mike: Can you heal yourself at all? Do I use my last powerful spell slot and heal you 10D4, or do I use a crappy spell slot and heal you 4D4?
David S. Kong: Well, it depends a little bit. What's, tim, is it wounded based on what, what,
David S. Kong: Okay, so it's still, like, looking strong.
Mike: Not bloodied.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not bloodied.
Eric Rosenbaum: But is it… is it headed for the heart route, or back towards the… It's probably gonna head back for the heart route, yes.
Mike: might not be… desperate after Kenzo. I'm… I'm just gonna… I'm gonna throw a sorcerer spell at you.
David S. Kong: What, what is that?
Mike: It's just a less good healing word. That's good, yeah, give me… 15, you healed 15.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo, Delwith touches, or casts a… prayer at Kenzo, and…
Tim Sackton: you suck in a breath, and your eyes open to this… the Empress of Chaos dead in this massive…
Tim Sackton: A swirling storm of chaos metal growing above her.
David S. Kong: How many hit points do I have now?
Tim Sackton: 16.
David S. Kong: Okay, great. Excellent.
David S. Kong: My turn now?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: So first thing I do is I soul site Tim. What's the situation with this, this, this thing?
Tim Sackton: So it's… Slightly weaker, CR22.
Tim Sackton: Immune to… Acid, cold, fire, lightning poison.
Tim Sackton: It's like a big storm, it's immune to blinded, charmed, it's basically immune to conditions.
Tim Sackton: Like, it's not… it's not contained, right? It's like… it actually seems like it's even growing.
David S. Kong: It's… it's bad at intelligence and career… intelligence it's worse at.
Tim Sackton: It's good at constitution. This is the opposite of her, it's not smart, it's not charismatic, it is big and strong.
David S. Kong: So, okay.
David S. Kong: So basically, this is what you all see.
David S. Kong: You see, you see Kenzo, I'm on the ground right now?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're on the ground, you're prone.
David S. Kong: Does anybody else… can anybody else… who has a line of sight and me?
Tim Sackton: Just dealt with.
David S. Kong: Just deal with. Okay. So, I'm gonna… first, I'm gonna say what everybody else sees, and then I'll say… and I'll show what… what deal with sees.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So… so, basically, you know, cause… because, cause Delvet… well, could everybody see the blow, like, from when, when she… because were they in the air, or were they on the ground?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, everybody could see you fall.
David S. Kong: Okay, can everybody see me, or am I covered in the forest right now?
Tim Sackton: You're kinda in the forest.
David S. Kong: So nobody else can see except for Adela? Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay. So, basically, what everybody else sees at this point is
David S. Kong: There is a super, super loud.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like.
David S. Kong: just… it sounds like, like lightning, like, hitting a tree, just like, like, or, like, super, like, loud, like, lightning strike. And then you hear, like, the ground is, like, rumbling.
David S. Kong: And then, as it's rumbling, you see, like, the trees kind of near Kenzo starting to, like, shake and break apart.
David S. Kong: And then you see, and then you see…
David S. Kong: Bursting out from this tree, this kind of wooded area, as kind of the trees are parting, a growing, massive silver dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
David S. Kong: What Dellwith saw was Kenzo lying on the ground, looking up at the giant cloud thing, assessing the situation, reaching into his pouch, and then pulling out a potion of Dragon's Majesty, which I've been carrying with me since the, since we were in that Dragon's lair. And Kenzo has now turned himself into a giant silver dragon.
Mike: Good call.
David S. Kong: I…
Mike: Devils will just say that, right? Devils seek heads up turning into, I guess, give them, like, a little half-salute, like, good call.
Tim Sackton: That's a bonus action, so as your action, would you like to use your… Oh, wow.
Tim Sackton: Paralyzing breath, your cold breath, or make 3 Rend attacks.
David S. Kong: Boy, what a joy. What a joy.
Tim Sackton: It is immune to cold damage, but it is not immune to the incapacitated condition, which is what parallel… I sent it to you in Zoom this time.
David S. Kong: I got it, I got it. Yeah, let's fucking go with, you know, this is my one time ever to be a Silver Dragon, so yeah, let's.
Tim Sackton: Oh, actually, you can replace…
Tim Sackton: So you can… you can make paralyzing… you can use your paralyzing Breath, and THEN you can make two rend attacks.
David S. Kong: Alright, let's do that. I'll do Paralyzing Breath first. Okay. So, Kenzo Dragon…
David S. Kong: Shoots out a 60-foot cone of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Breath weapon.
Tim Sackton: DC10.
Tim Sackton: So, as you see this dragon begin to rise up above the trees, silver with, like, a faint sort of greenish growing lines through it from the heartwood, it opens its mouth in this…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: cone of… .
Tim Sackton: of… Energy flies out, targeting this swirling mass.
Tim Sackton: Which… It does have a decent con save, let me double check this.
Tim Sackton: Its con save is actually quite high.
Tim Sackton: So it does succeed on the save against your breath.
Tim Sackton: However, you still get to make two rend attacks.
Tim Sackton: And then, remember, you can also use legendary actions.
David S. Kong: What was that? What was that?
Tim Sackton: You can also use legendary actions.
David S. Kong: I can't.
Mike: You get that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow.
Tim Sackton: And you have… you now have 216…
David S. Kong: Yeah, 260 hit points. That's the main reason why I did it, because I was about to die, so now I have 260 hit points.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, D20 plus 13 on a hit, just, you don't do cold damage, a hit does 2d8 plus 8 damage.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I'm rolling… so I just rolled what? I'll just roll D20 right now?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, 2D20, because you make two rent attacks.
David S. Kong: Okay, I roll a 20 and a 3.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the 20 is a natural 20, so 48 plus…
Tim Sackton: 8. The 3 is a 16, that's gonna miss.
David S. Kong: Okay, so I do 21 damage on the first rend.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So that… that ends your turn.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The…
Tim Sackton: Chaos Monsters, back over in the battlefield, are going to attack Welby.
David S. Kong: Oh, man…
Tim Sackton: Where did their stats go? Okay, that's gonna be 2 wind talent attacks from each one.
Tim Sackton: So that is a… oof. A 12 and 11, those both miss. A 22 and a 21.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was both him.
Tim Sackton: was both hit.
Tim Sackton: The first one is going to be 14 points of piercing damage, the second one is 13 points of piercing damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Uncanny Dodge, the first one for a total of 20.
Tim Sackton: So you take 20 damage, so that ends your turn. The Empress is now the Elemental Cataclysm.
Tim Sackton: Which is now going to… First of all… .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, hold up, they ended their turn, I'm gonna.
Tim Sackton: Oh, your speed was set to zero because you're grappled.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's, to the end of my turn. So you can't use your move.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the Elemental Cataclysm is going to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): though, didn't that effect wear off at the end of my last turn? Because I was grappled on my last turn?
Tim Sackton: N.
Tim Sackton: She grappled you again.
Tim Sackton: No. It's at the end of… The end of this turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm grabbing for 2 consecutive rounds.
Tim Sackton: You were… she hit you… she used it twice for two consecutive rounds.
Tim Sackton: You're next after the cataclysm, and it wears off.
Tim Sackton: At the end of your turn, so you'll be able to move after your turn.
Tim Sackton: But you are trapped at the moment.
Tim Sackton: Cause she used it… she used it after you… well, anyway, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It doesn't matter, I have enough… it doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: the Elemental Cataclysm, the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the…
Tim Sackton: chaos monster of Rumbling Earth is going to, run… Actually, first make a…
Tim Sackton: Actually, first it will move. So you're 300 feet away right now, it's gonna move 80 feet, so it's 220 feet away from the heart route.
Mike: I'm gonna make an attack on it as it burns away. I'm actually going to ouch blast it.
Mike: Instead of sorting it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So I actually get 4 attacks.
Mike: Oh, wait, was that a name?
Mike: That was a… Oh, that was an 18.
Mike: So, 2-2… Two really crappy rolls, but two good rolls, so I assume the two good rolls hit. Yep.
Mike: Yeah, so… 2D10+.
Mike: 21 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so two bolts of force strike it as it moves 80 feet.
Tim Sackton: And then it is going to…
Tim Sackton: Dash to move another 80 feet.
Tim Sackton: So that puts it, 160 away.
Tim Sackton: And that is… All it can do.
Tim Sackton: That brings up Weldy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna shoot Metallic Storm number 2 first.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 40… .
Tim Sackton: You take 10 points of damage, by the way, when you start your trip.
Tim Sackton: Tiger is next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'll shoot the, the… the, Chaos mabobber.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's just 11.
Tim Sackton: And now it's Vexed, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, at the end of Webby's turn, it's gonna use a legendary action to move another 80 feet, so now it's 80 feet away.
Tim Sackton: So that puts it, yeah, right about… we'll say right about there.
Tim Sackton: So now it's back on the map. Kong, remember, you can… your legendary actions are…
Tim Sackton: Oh, you don't have a move Legendary action, so… You're just gonna move?
Mike: Pounce, move half its speed.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's move half its speed, yeah, so you can move 40… you can move 40 feet.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Which puts you at 260.
Tim Sackton: And then… .
Mike: Can't you cast hold… Oh, no, you're not close enough to cast Hold Monster.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is up.
Mike: How far away is it?
Tim Sackton: It's 80 feet from me, right? So I could attack it.
Mike: And so, how far away is it from me?
Tim Sackton: From you, it's a hun… it's 220.
David S. Kong: Let's a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should've looked bad at int, right?
Tim Sackton: It's batted in, yup.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright, so I'll cast her in a Psychic Disruption.
Tim Sackton: That fails.
Tim Sackton: It will use a legendary resistance.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it takes half damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the latter will attack.
Tim Sackton: The ladder hits the metallic storm next to it. The ladder also takes another 5 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just trying to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hold on.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it only has 12 hit points, so it automatically kills it. So another Metallic Storm falls, to the latter heroic blow.
Tim Sackton: That, and Secrets turned down with his app. It is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can the ladder move over next to the other one? That'd be helpful for me.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: the lateral move there. So it'll take…
Mike: Sorry, Tim, you said it's 220 feet away from Delwith right now?
Tim Sackton: It's 220 feet away from Delaware right now.
Mike: So if I move… my move is 60 with the Raven's Whistle, if I move 120, would be in.
Tim Sackton: It would be 100 feet from you.
Mike: But that's… I don't have a…
Mike: Bonus… I'd have to use a bonus action…
Mike: Holding onto this last spell slot is increasingly unclear if it's worth it.
David S. Kong: Tim, can I use my legendary action after anybody's turn, or only after turn.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you could use one after… you used one already to move, you can use another one, you can move again if you just want to keep chasing it.
David S. Kong: How fast is it moving?
Tim Sackton: It's, well, it's dashing, so it's, like, rushing back towards the heartroot.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, I'll use another legendary action.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… so you are now…
Tim Sackton: So you're at 260, you're at 220 feet, so you're a hundred and… 80, you're 140…
Tim Sackton: You're 140 feet from it.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I had another 40 feet closer with one more legendary.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Gotcha.
Tim Sackton: And you can get… you can get within reach.
Mike: It's 80 feet from… It's basically where it is on the map.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's where it is on the map.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: I am just gonna bonus action Dimension Door using 2 sorcery points.
Mike: Which… oh, I never did that before, so actually I have plenty of sorcery points, but I should take them off.
David S. Kong: But this is still Kenzo, right? So I'm still, I'm still in tune, I'm still in tune to the, the, the, the heart route, right?
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, you're still attuned to the heart rate.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah, once I get within 60 feet of that, that'll be even better. That'll be helpful.
Mike: I will appear right in front of it.
Mike: And then… why?
Mike: Oh, because I'm trying to move Kenzo. I'll appear right there in front of it, and then I will attack it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Does the 19 hit?
Tim Sackton: 19 misses.
Mike: 28 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: And, 27 hits.
Mike: So… 48 plus… 48 plus…
Mike: 43 damage.
Tim Sackton: I was looking… It's getting wounded.
Tim Sackton: It's not quite bloodying. That ends Della's turn.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo moves another 40 feet closer, so Kenzo is…
David S. Kong: Am I on the board yet? Are we on board.
Tim Sackton: And there was 180 from the heart root, 100 from it.
David S. Kong: Great.
Tim Sackton: And that is your turn, so you can move 80 feet on your turn, so you're 20 feet away from it.
Tim Sackton: You can… try another… You can try another breath.
Tim Sackton: You're not quite in range of its… Of your.
David S. Kong: Neil at the rend.
Mike: Why don't you cast Hold Monster?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could cast Hold Monster.
David S. Kong: Choose a creature that you can see within range.
David S. Kong: Cool.
David S. Kong: I'll try that.
Mike: It's wisdom, not con.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, Hold Monster, oh, it actually rolled really well.
Tim Sackton: plus 9. That's a 20… 7.
David S. Kong: Whaaat?
Tim Sackton: I rolled an 18.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Tim Sackton: So, it resists your hold monster, you can try again with a legendary action.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: Immuno- it's, it's immune to cold?
Tim Sackton: It's immune to cold, yeah. That ends Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: The one sur… the one tiny little chaos storm is gonna make
Tim Sackton: Two attacks against Walby, which both hit.
Tim Sackton: And that is going to do as, you know, more wind-rent attacks come flying at you.
Tim Sackton: It is going to, do… A total of…
Tim Sackton: 13 and 9, so if you uncanny.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you are not grappled anymore.
Tim Sackton: Tam up.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna legendary action hold monster after that? Try that again.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: It's fucking sweet having legendary actions, guys.
Tim Sackton: fails, it'll burn another Legendary Resistance.
David S. Kong: Okay, take that.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Schwartz, Wabi takes,
Tim Sackton: 6 plus 9, so 15 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, got it.
Tim Sackton: That ends, now it is its turn.
Tim Sackton: And it is going to,
Tim Sackton: Circle around here, just so it is within sight of the… Force cage.
Tim Sackton: And then the inside of the… Page erupts into flames.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Or make a dexterity saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not necessarily my strong suit.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Come at me, bro.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a 17.
Tim Sackton: You take… 44 points of fire damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ouch.
Tim Sackton: And make a concentration check. Have to beat a 22.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how'd I do that?
Tim Sackton: con safe?
Mike: You probably have advantage on it, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I click OK.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I, nope.
Mike: Do you have.
Tim Sackton: First Cage vanishes.
David S. Kong: I don't know.
Mike: Because you can't… You can't use Bardik on…
David S. Kong: Haruk, hero.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you can use Heroic, but he has to roll a natural 20 in order to succeed.
David S. Kong: Why?
Tim Sackton: Because he took 44 points of damage.
Mike: You need somebody to give you bardic inspiration, which you don't have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah…
Mike: There's not a good way to get a bonus to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: And Seeker is on fire now.
David S. Kong: Wait, but should he use the Heroic and try to get an e-point?
Mike: I mean, and I wouldn't… it's probably not worth it.
Mike: You don't.
Tim Sackton: Cleanse the Cataclysm's turn.
Tim Sackton: Welby, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god.
David S. Kong: Wait, didn't Hold Monster… so what did Hold Monster do? Wasn't it paralyzed?
Tim Sackton: It used a legendary Resistance.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: has one Legendary Resistance left.
Tim Sackton: You can move closer to it, so you're in Maylene now, if you want, that's your.
David S. Kong: I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll close in.
David S. Kong: I'll engage it, I can't run away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I will shoot…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Both of the friends. So let's start with the guy right next to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who I have sneak attack but not advantage on.
David S. Kong: Why are you not attacking the main boss guy?
Mike: two attacks.
Tim Sackton: That… that dies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Damn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Main boss, who I do have advantage on…
Tim Sackton: Bad hits.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: God.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 36… Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Bloodied, and you can see a spear of chaos metal beginning to form in the center of this whirlwind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man, I'll put myself… Between it and the tree as best I can.
Tim Sackton: That ends Wabi's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absolutely good, sir, will be.
Tim Sackton: And so, is in range of…
Tim Sackton: They are close enough to within range for lair actions.
David S. Kong: Oh, cool. They might need healing?
Mike: I could use some healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could put me out.
Mike: Could you extinguish Seeker? That's probably not a crazy option.
Tim Sackton: I think Healing Seeker would extinguish him, yes.
Mike: Yeah, do that.
David S. Kong: I'll do that.
David S. Kong: I mean, it's…
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a lot of hit points, so I'm okay, but…
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, you have a lot of hit points?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm still at 117, so…
David S. Kong: a 117.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: But that's fine, though. I'll do that. So roll 46.
David S. Kong: Okay, so basically, like, a whole bunch of soil just, like, like, comes on top of you and just puts you out.
David S. Kong: And now, now you're, you're, you're put out, and you got…
David S. Kong: Nourished by the soil, you gain 10 points.
Tim Sackton: And seekers are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: You're not concentrating on anything, so… You know?
Tim Sackton: And there's only one Legendary resistance left.
Mike: Paul Morphett.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was gonna say, I'll try Bonworth again.
Eric Rosenbaum: And again, turn it into a little centipede.
Eric Rosenbaum: That'll be my last 4th level splot.
Mike: How much good does polymorphing it really do us?
Tim Sackton: Overall, the natural 20 anyway, so… Succeed.
David S. Kong: I'm in my lair. I get 4 legendary actions.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I didn't see that.
David S. Kong: I'm now in my lair. I wasn't in my lair before, but now I'm in my lair.
Tim Sackton: Now you're in your lair. Okay, so that…
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Tim Sackton: So it succeeds on the save against Polymorph.
Mike: You should make a rent attack against them. Yeah, I will definitely attack.
Tim Sackton: End of everything.
David S. Kong: Well, I have two legend… I have two legendary actions I can still use before my next, my next round, so…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you can do one now and one after dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: Everyone now.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter, sorry, moves.
David S. Kong: Earl that's impressive.
Tim Sackton: It has a… it has a very good con save. Oh, no. You can only do cold.
Mike: Yeah, it's immune to cold.
Tim Sackton: Which it's immune to.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's a little.
Tim Sackton: REND is your best bet. Okay, buddy, you just gotta… you just gotta chip away at it.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, Ren… what does this mean, though, Tim? Hit 17? 2DA plus 8? What does that mean?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Ignore… that's just if you don't want to roll dice for damage.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see, I see.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, so let me, let me, let me just do it, let me do… for a rend, how many attacks do I get?
Tim Sackton: Wow, with the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: With the legendary action, it's just one.
Tim Sackton: Okay. With your main action, it's 3.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: So, let me do…
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm riding the ladder now, by the way.
Tim Sackton: Okay, awesome.
David S. Kong: 1D20 plus 13, that's pretty cool.
Tim Sackton: Glass.
David S. Kong: And I do… 2D8 plus 8 plus 1D8.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's immune to cold, so don't roll the cold, so just…
David S. Kong: 2D8 plus 8, okay.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: I do 15 damage, 15 with the wren.
Mike: Dallastern?
Tim Sackton: deal with.
Mike: Okay, I will just attack it, there's not much else to do at this point.
Mike: I'm really having crappy luck today.
Mike: That one hits.
Mike: Does a 17 hit?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike: I might bardic Inspire that, actually.
Tim Sackton: 17 is very close.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I won't bardoc Inspire, that's 17.
Mike: I assume at 23 minutes.
Mike: So… 48 plus… and the Bardic adds what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, detour.
Mike: it adds a D12 to damage, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it adds whatever you rolled for the barbecue.
Mike: So, plus 6.
Mike: plus… 10 plus 12… So, 38 damage.
Tim Sackton: It's looking pretty hurt.
Mike: I'm just trying, do I have any useful bonus actions? Not…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Really?
Mike: At this point… It's neat to cold, yeah, no, I don't have any useful…
Mike: Going to sections. So, that's it.
David S. Kong: Tim, legendary action.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's also gonna use Legendary Action. You go first.
David S. Kong: Okay, well, I'm gonna… I'm just gonna…
Mike: Oh, you know what? Hold on, hold on. I'm also gonna move, sort of, around.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Gotta be between it and the heart rate as well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: First attack, 27, and that does, roll 2d8 plus 8.
Tim Sackton: It's kinda scared of this dragon here. It's gonna… it's actually gonna attack Seeker, but that's a… With its legendary action.
David S. Kong: I do another 13-10.
Tim Sackton: That's a 17, does a 17 hit Seeker?
David S. Kong: No, it does not.
Mike: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Scared of you.
David S. Kong: I know, 70 doesn't hit Seeger. Seeger got, like, an 18… 19AC, right?
David S. Kong: Three.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: That does hit.
Tim Sackton: So that does, 27 points of… Lightning damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ouch.
Tim Sackton: That ends Delwith's turn. Kenzo is up.
David S. Kong: Alright, so… let me try… now… I'm gonna do Hold Monster again.
Tim Sackton: That uses your whole action, so honestly, you're better off.
David S. Kong: Just attacking.
Tim Sackton: attacking, and then you get your legendary actions back, you can use that as a legendary action in the next round.
David S. Kong: Alright, then I will, Roll 1d20 plus 13…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 19?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 19 misses.
David S. Kong: Bardic Inspiration. Did I use my Bardic? Oh, I did use my Bardic, right?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but Seeker's in range now, I mean, you can reaction Bardic if you want.
David S. Kong: Hit me that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought I used them all up, though.
Tim Sackton: No, because you got 2 new ones for rolling initiative.
Tim Sackton: One on the ladder, you've got one left.
Eric Rosenbaum: One left. Last one, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
David S. Kong: What's 1D12?
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's… ACS20, you definitely had.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, so that does, 2D8 plus 8…
Mike: plus 10.
Tim Sackton: I got the 10 already.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. From the bar deck.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nice, okay, so that's 15.
David S. Kong: And then, second attack… Sorry.
David S. Kong: 31 hits…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: 38 plus 8… do I get the plus 2 again, or is that only on that one?
Tim Sackton: No, just the first one, just the one where you used Pardic.
David S. Kong: That says 21.
David S. Kong: And then, last attack…
David S. Kong: Oh no, 14th of all the 1.
David S. Kong: I miss this. Oh, heroic inspiration. Heroic Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Like, one can never hit, it's a… oh, Heroic, yeah, yeah, re-roll.
David S. Kong: Nice.
David S. Kong: Plus 13… 20! I'd hit.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David S. Kong: And then that does… 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's going to use.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's legendary action.
Tim Sackton: To move its speed without provoking…
Tim Sackton: Opportunity attacks, and everybody, as it makes this, as it rumbles and shakes as it moves.
Tim Sackton: Everybody who it passes, which is gonna be everybody, make a Constitution saving throw.
David S. Kong: What's my constitution as a dragon, Dave?
Tim Sackton: Your con save is… Oh, I see. Plus 7.
David S. Kong: Plus 7, okay.
David S. Kong: Excellent.
Mike: 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14. Can I have more? Yeah, stop.
Tim Sackton: Right there on top of the heart rate.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: So… so anybody who failed.
Tim Sackton: So anybody who rolled less than a 19.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my goodness.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, anybody who rolled less than a 23… Is knocked prone.
David S. Kong: Whaaat?
David S. Kong: Silver dragons don't be prone.
Tim Sackton: Solar dragons can be prone.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Dammit.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sad.
Tim Sackton: And that ends the legendary action. That was after Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: So now we're…
David S. Kong: Now, I can legendary action his legendary action?
Tim Sackton: You can legendary action, yup.
David S. Kong: What do I… can I, like, get up now? After being grown?
Tim Sackton: So you can either use Hold Monster, or you can…
Mike: Move half your speed.
David S. Kong: Move half your speed.
Mike: So…
David S. Kong: Let me hold Monster.
Mike: Yeah, do a hold monster.
Tim Sackton: it rolled a natural 1, last legendary action is gone.
David S. Kong: What? It still had a little reactions.
Tim Sackton: That was the last one.
David S. Kong: Oh, wait, can I… wait, I should use… I'm gonna use a le- can I… I can use a Legendary Resistance.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can use a legendary Resistance to not…
David S. Kong: Yeah, I knew Steel Silver Dragons aren't prone. I'm not prone. Bitch.
Tim Sackton: And then it is going to land for its turn.
Tim Sackton: It takes a full round for it to destroy the heartroot.
Tim Sackton: So, you have to kill it before the end of its next turn.
Tim Sackton: It lands in this swirling mass around the heart region. You see this massive sphere begin to form and slowly pierce through.
David S. Kong: the pop.
Tim Sackton: Of the heart rate.
Tim Sackton: That's its action.
David S. Kong: Whose turn is it?
Tim Sackton: while the Lair Seeker dealt with Kenzo, then… Game over.
David S. Kong: Alright, hold on, Legendary Action, I'm gonna get…
David S. Kong: Can I get, can I, engage in attacking it?
Tim Sackton: You can move 40 feet.
Tim Sackton: So you put yourself there.
David S. Kong: And that's it, can I also attack?
Tim Sackton: No, yeah, your reach is…
Tim Sackton: It's 10 feet, so you're not quite in range.
Mike: But you can do that again on your next action.
Tim Sackton: You can do that again immediately after Wellbee, and that will… that will put you in range to attack it immediately after Wellbees.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright, I'll do that.
David S. Kong: After Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. Welby stands up and starts shooting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With Advantage…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 32, man, I've rolled, like, 3 19s and no crits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's 48.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Shoot it again without sneak attack.
Tim Sackton: Getting down there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Life Advantage?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 27?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that's another, 9… Oops, I just clicked that twice. 9 points of piercing damage?
Tim Sackton: It's looking… it's looking weak. All of its energy is funneling down into this…
Tim Sackton: spear that's just piercing through, and as Welby's… Welby's, arrow hits, like, a blade of metal, and you can see.
Mike: Kenzoco.
Tim Sackton: It beginning to decohere.
David S. Kong: Okay, yeah, so I moved next to it, and I rend it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay. Yep.
David S. Kong: Okay, so…
Tim Sackton: I have 16 hit points left.
Mike: Roll 1D20. Yeah, that's not good. We could do… Who's next after… Welby? Seeker?
Tim Sackton: Seeker's next.
David S. Kong: Hold on, let me try to kill it right now. It's got 16 hit points. Alright, let's see if my dragon attack kills this.
Mike: No, you could kill it. No, you kill it!
Eric Rosenbaum: Silver Dragon!
Tim Sackton: Dragon flies over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Adam.
Tim Sackton: It pounces on the swirling mass of metal, and you just take your claws and you, like, rip it apart.
Tim Sackton: And it begins to shatter.
Tim Sackton: And… Drift apart, and then you slowly…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: With your giant wings.
Tim Sackton: Land protectively on top of the…
Tim Sackton: Heartroot and bring your wings over on top as the stone begins to… like, ash and metal begins to fall, just standing there guarding the top of the heartroot.
David S. Kong: Well, and also just the… because, you know, the… like, Kenzo's wings, it's like, it's a silver dragon, but it's also, like, kind of got all of these, like, threads of, like, moss and green and all this stuff, so…
Tim Sackton: That's like…
David S. Kong: It's weird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like…
David S. Kong: Mound of, like, silver scales meshed with all of this, like… You know, forest… foresty stuff.
Tim Sackton: So… as you… Find yourself now… In the quiet.
Tim Sackton: The dragon transformation, I believe, lasts for an hour.
David S. Kong: An hour. I literally have been thinking about this, what I was gonna do for the next, like, 59 minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh?
Mike: Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, go clean, there's a whole army still out there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a whole army still out there. Silver Dragon, your cold breath weapon's pretty strong against the army.
David S. Kong: So, Kenzo, Kenzo is just, like, kind of, you know, you look like his eyes, and you can tell it's, like, still Kenzo. Can I talk?
David S. Kong: Of course.
Tim Sackton: Dragons can talk.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: So, Kenza's like, so… What do you guys think?
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is the real you, isn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Finally seeing the true Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will you ever go back to being a human again?
David S. Kong: I hope not, this is pretty awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's really cool that you're permanently gonna be a Silver Dragon.
David S. Kong: Well, why don't you guys hop on my back, and let's go and, help out with this battle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby's already climbing on before you finish the sentence.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: So, as you do… Just… as you're just taking a breath at the end, you,
Tim Sackton: you know, as Kenzo's gathering, sheltering the harbor, you can feel this sort of wave of…
Tim Sackton: Of, warmth and, sort of, energy pass over you.
Tim Sackton: And I'm sending you each a… a message.
Tim Sackton: And then… Except Mike, who hasn't made up his magic item yet.
Mike: I had some ideas, I started to respond to Discord, but then… Dana and I had to go for a nightly walk before I beat the game, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's so cool!
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Boom.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This is crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's so cool being so powerful, and then being even more powerful.
David S. Kong: So…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As the energy of the heartroot washes over you, you gather on the back of the silver dragon Kenzo.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and fly… The short distance to the battle still raging.
Tim Sackton: At the moment… The Hobgoblins seem to have… Solidified their position
Tim Sackton: And established a solid defensive line, having driven many of the hippos off.
Tim Sackton: And the ranges are beginning to fall back.
Tim Sackton: when… A dragon just flies right through the illusory mountain.
Tim Sackton: And… immediately swoops down on the Hobgoblin troops with a… Massive line of cold, That rips through their defenses.
Tim Sackton: And… Breaks a hole in the front of the line.
Tim Sackton: as the Rangers and lizardfolk and Arbezi militias and… Folks still remaining as… As, hippos, and Vinjasharna.
Tim Sackton: Where… Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: despite taking some damage, has managed to defeat the metallic birds that you left. With great help from Hector and a few others. They all probably gained a level from this.
Tim Sackton: You plunge down, and… on the back of the dragon with Welby's arrows.
Tim Sackton: Seeker are maybe not doing that much,
Tim Sackton: having spent basically all of his spells. But the latter part, of course, also lasts for an hour.
Tim Sackton: I'm a little bit annoyed at being upstaged by a dragon, and so is really trying his best to, like, kill as many hobgoblins as it can.
Tim Sackton: Over the course of the next half an hour or so, You rout the Hobgoblin troops.
Tim Sackton: Tide of battle being… Dramatically turned by the arrival of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A Silver Dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
David S. Kong: or, like, Three other, like, 18th level…
Tim Sackton: Now, 19th level, as you level up, having saved the heartroot.
David S. Kong: Oh my god.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa.
Tim Sackton: So… We will end there.
Tim Sackton: we're playing again on Monday. Again, probably not a super long session, but there's some setup.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: we need to do to make Nantucket work.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So it'll mostly be storytelling and denouis and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We can take some time at the beginning to deal with leveling up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's epic boons, so there's some choices people have to make about… well, except for Mike.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't know what you get.
Mike: An epic boot.
Mike: I can't.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: 16th… I get my 16th level… Right, right, right, because you get an ASI at 16th level. Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So everybody gets an epic boot.
David S. Kong: I don't know what that means, but that's awesome.
Tim Sackton: It's like a…
Mike: You miss with an attack roll, you can hit instead.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's lots of… we can talk about it next time, we'll take a little bit of time for that, but there's a lot of backstory to set up as well, so…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There'll be some… Talking to rangers, and of course, talking heart rate.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Now that you've managed to save it in dramatic.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And…
David S. Kong: after we wipe out this whole battle, which probably doesn't take more than, like, a handful of minutes, Kenzo takes anybody who else would like to join. I know it's definitely gonna be Welby, but anybody that wants on an epic Silver Dragon joyride for the remaining however many minutes.
Tim Sackton: You've got, like, 30 minutes left of dragon time once you route the Hobgoblins.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When else am I gonna get to play tag with a dragon?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Dude, hell yeah, we just, we, yeah, we enjoy that.
Eric Rosenbaum: How can this thing fly?
David S. Kong: Well, you, we can, like, I want to polymorph back into this later, so now you can… maybe, maybe, you can, Seeker can turn me back into the Heart Root Dragon. I'm a Heart Root Dragon.
Tim Sackton: Seeker… I mean, if Seeker learns the spell True Polymorph.
Tim Sackton: You… it's a 9th level spell, but I'm pretty sure it can turn you into a dragon.
David S. Kong: Heart Root Dragon.
Tim Sackton: Adult Silver Dragons only see our 16, so yeah, you could turn into a dragon.
Tim Sackton: Polymorph doesn't give you legendary resistance or legendary actions, though. You only get that with the potion.
David S. Kong: Well, great use of that potion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Circus?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Tim, if that had just… if Mike had just killed the thing, I wouldn't have used it, obviously, but then I was like, alright.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and your resistance to damage totally saved that battle.
David S. Kong: That was fun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was…
David S. Kong: but I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Incredible.
David S. Kong: 400 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Like… well, with the, also with the deflection stuff, because that, like, all of that together, that was crazy. Holy shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker's beard was slightly singed, and that is a much more severe situation.
Tim Sackton: I mean, honestly, the force cage was extremely…
Tim Sackton: That was a great strategy. I thought it was all gonna be about, like, trying to use forced movement to keep her away from the…
Tim Sackton: heart rate.
David S. Kong: That was super fun.
Tim Sackton: That was a great strategy.
David S. Kong: That's great.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I wouldn't have thought of it, I'm glad Mike did. I mostly thought of it because Tim used the spell on us.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And it's the same smell of the wicked.
Tim Sackton: Right, so when you were trapped on the ship, when you went to go… Eric wasn't there.
David S. Kong: Eric wasn't there.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Potter.
Tim Sackton: to this.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Ayy.
Tim Sackton: the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That did suck. That was… yeah, we were, like, all powerful and shit. But using Force Cage defensively is very creative.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I was, I was pleased with that idea.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I gotta look at Epic Boons. There's a… there's…
Mike: There's some… there's some…
Tim Sackton: good ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, how do I find mine?
David S. Kong: I loved that the Silver Dragon had a lair. That was great.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: That… the idea of… I never would have thought to give you their actions, but that was also a very creative Kong for Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, this was fun. This whole, this whole little stretch was fun, this is awesome.
Tim Sackton: If you… for if you want to see Epic Boons, if you go to…
Tim Sackton: If you go to… let me see if I can share…
Tim Sackton: I think…
Tim Sackton: Our battles are so crazy. It's like fucking Triceratops, flying lag… I think that thing should get you all the…
David S. Kong: Crazy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fairchups are great, right?
Tim Sackton: Triceratops really… I mean, because those guys, if all of those… if those three tornadoes had swarmed you, that would have made things a lot rougher.
Mike: Yep.
David S. Kong: I wasn't upset.
Tim Sackton: That's challenging, though.
David S. Kong: That was, that was, like, perfect, perfect challenge level, that was great.
Tim Sackton: The Triceratops is gonna be good against the Ooze, because it can get some, you know, charges going, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I should go to.
Mike: Okay, I gotta go to bed, too.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Good night, everybody.
Mike: Good night.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Can I, can I…